I can hear you now.
OK.
Right.
Well,
you did the honest with the camera as
What is that 1?
well. Josh, do you mind?
OK. Should we?
So I think the next part of the workflow
is that correct briefing for Director
interview, is that right?
So after submission completes.
Thank, awesome. Thank you.
Yeah. So, OK.
We've got to the briefing document to
believe, I mean, is that correct?
But after that work, though,
we've got briefing for director of
interview,
is that the next stage of the workflow?
Yeah. If you, yes.
So what happens there?
So it's it's been submitted,
confirmed and then this is the next stage
of the workflow. Is that correct? Yeah.
So basically we submitted the uploaded
submissions and then.
It's up to the the directories organisers
to approach to us on.
Usually send an e-mail to the CMG or the
sometimes the partners to arrange for an
interview. So it's not always.
We don't always get the get the
invitation on having an interview.
These are external.
These are external external.
From the research researchers from the
directory service provider and with our
partners.
So it's not always that we can get an
invitation.
For interview, OK.
And how do you get informed today by
e-mail?
The researcher will send an e-mail to to
the partners,
to the CMC content because we put all
these contact information on the
submission documents.
Sometimes they will put out in CC then
and that's why we have a record of the of
the interview invitation. OK,
but in order to land on for you to have
hindsight,
that someone raises the request that ends
up in chairwell. Is that correct?
Yeah. So you get to know about, yes,
sometimes when we also receive a copy of
that interview invitations,
we will approach CMG and say we've got
this invitation interview invitation.
If you are,
if you like us to provide a draught,
you interview document, please.
In the work request or that is known,
sometimes we are not put in CC,
so we don't know that that interview has
been arranged and at that point sometimes
the CMG will approach us and submit the
work request.
Say we have again an interview from with
the researchers.
Can you prepare the interview breathing
Doc?
Does it tend to be that you're informed
with CMG or the partners with that
interview request has been made is that
I'm just trying to sort of work out the
number. I know there's two entries,
but it basically goes,
you might get informed and then you ask
if that CMG, that if they want to do this.
Complaint but or it comes through,
share will and then it lands as a request
for yourself. Yeah, and it depends.
It depends solely on the researcher as
well and how they like to work.
If we're looking at modelling standard
practise of work,
they can raise a request in service.
Now that will be.
Request for interview is A is A is a
briefing, isn't it? Rather,
it's a briefing in order to reach the
partners ahead of the interview that
they're going to have with the researcher.
OK, so is it a standard template? I mean,
there's no such thing as standard on
these things depending on.
Oh,
if you understand the submission
information,
so it's utilising the submission
information to put into everything on the
back of that open submission of the
submission thing,
it would pre populate or at least outline
a briefing for that interview that's
going to be conducted. Is that correct?
It populates it.
Thanks so much submission.
So we are populated. Yeah, OK,
that's what you. Yeah.
So the reading Doc is essentially a
summary of these submission documents. OK,
yeah. Just like,
summarise all the informations.
For example, what our ranking?
Last year,
ranking is was the competitor ranking,
so sometimes they may talk about the
parlours may want to raise this out.
Probably we think we should be ranked
higher than our first current ranking and
so.
Each submission open submission.
Each submission we do is, you know,
unique to what's being requested to in
order to then take this briefing
interview document by calling it a right
name.
Is there standard things in there that
just get pre populated so extracts that
info or you extract that information from
that submission and pre populate the form
in a standard format?
It's always the same fields that need to
be populated. Yeah OK.
That's in my mind,
not jumping ahead or solutionizing.
I don't know how at all. Mark.
I'm going to say something,
but that's certainly something that maybe
we can think about about pre populating
in the future if that's possible or we
might bend too much that you can't,
but it's certainly.
There's another project that I'm involved
with for AI that's looking at the whole
directories process.
12 week period.
That's just about to cut off. What's that?
And that's to try and ultimate or or?
Submission process. Interview briefing.
Hopefully as part of that process.
So the whole end time that we've
discussed today,
there's a project to replace all of that
not replaced,
but how AI externally can support that?
OK, we can discuss that further.
So is that about to kick off? Yeah,
and probably Alex.
So who's the PM or certainly when we talk
about service now and AI,
that's something.
Has it got a name of the project
directory AI support?
It's all through said so I would assume
so, but there's been no PM put up.
Quantum Quantum I'll have it's quantum
Astros directory's automation kick off.
Is it? I think no problem. Take off.
Is about the,
so this is this introduction with the
provider and then the project initiation
documents with the presence.
Quantum quantum. So, yeah,
they're they're the external provider
that we're going to work more.
For for the purposes only of pre
populating from that open submission to
this briefing documents briefing into
your document.
And I'm not just saying just a another.
So the referee template,
the interview briefing document.
And submission OK can I add that if you
don't mind the parking lot with a
discussion of any overlap that can be
achieved there from so now, yeah,
potentially. Well, yeah.
And if how it plays into this process,
yeah,
I wonder if that's like an experimental
project. They don't know what.
The outcomes are, or. Yeah,
nothing's been.
It's pretty much that kick off is
introductions,
confirming project outcomes and timelines
aligning on an engagement plan.
It's all very, yeah,
I don't think we can assume that's going
to. No,
I'm not saying it's going to solve
anything.
It's just it ties into what you're saying.
Yeah, exactly.
OK,
so that then gets so the press comes in,
goes into your queue.
Is that again a global process it sits
with ask clients for interview we can,
yes, yeah.
Whoever and is it the person that worked
on the?
On that open,
open submission would also be the same
person that's doing the interview,
and it could be any. Not really.
It could be any one of the teams,
it could be anyone. Yeah. Yeah.
And it's not always if I was to look at
the end to end workflow.
It's not always part of.
The end to every workflow,
it's it could be requested.
You don't always do it.
It's not the natural step from 1:00 to
2:00, you know, everyone,
as far as I know, we're not.
Everyone gets an. OK.
So do you take it as a separate? Yes.
So it's completely separate because not
every.
Submission upwards get gets an interview.
Do they know in advance that this will be
getting an interview just from that
e-mail from the researcher? That's oh,
that's it.
So it's post submission that you know,
yeah, you're going to get that.
So the researchers usually reach out by
e-mail, then ask them to, like,
fix a date and time convenient above
above.
One party. OK, we'll do the interview.
So in show world today you get this has
been requested.
This is potentially the interview window,
maybe all due data that that will be
conducted.
And then from that you start to then
populate the briefing.
Document based on the open submission.
Is that right?
And that's in Word or real template your
stamp from your standard templates that
you have. OK,
so it goes from again using the same
language, new assigned work in progress.
Does it need to be reviewed by anybody or
is there any?
So yeah,
this is like done by some junior Member
who may not have a lot of experience in
doing this type of work,
then probably will run that.
A small check on on the on the output.
Otherwise it's just completed and send it
back with your request OK and so close
and then sent back.
So you attach the briefing again to and
that's not something you.
Probably about that conversation that
we're going to park about whole content
management and where it's stored.
Once you sent it back,
it does it get stored? Do they extract it,
store it anywhere? Does it?
Or do they tend to then take it off,
e-mail it to whoever is going to be
interviewed to give them that briefing
information?
We save the the documents in,
I manage you do save them. Yes, we do.
Save them. OK,
so save them all in the same folders as
the submission documentation. OK. Yeah.
So we have, like, if this is going to be.
From the draught to the final submissions
and the interview breathing Doc,
they're all saved in the same folder on I
manage. OK, yeah. OK.
And so maybe in that.
Briefing document.
Would you then reference the open
lighting show,
or do you reference the original open
submission document?
Is there any references that you do
currently?
Because we need because we need to know
the exact the the exact submission
documents in order to pay to prepare that
interview breeding dock.
So we need to know what is the what?
What was the the practise area that was
submitted? Yeah.
I'm not Martin Parrack or Josh,
not solutionizing here,
but maybe that's a sub task of the open
submission that therefore you don't
always do these briefing for direct for
directors,
but it could be a sub task that is
already that parent child is a child task
of the open submission.
And therefore you've already got that
link and then the link to this briefing
document.
Then we triggered to the requester and
they can see that information in the.
Yeah, second, yeah.
That sounded a lot easier from
directories and then there's this
deadline. Sorry. Of course.
Did you say that's sometimes after
submissions,
there's sometimes an interview,
and sometimes there isn't.
What are the like differences? Like what?
How?
How do you know when you know it's an
external? We don't.
It's OK based on the director, provider,
researcher.
So it's dependent on researcher deciding.
Who they're going to interview,
and it'll be probably a selection of
percentage that they need to interview.
So it's not every time, right.
And do you have any actions to do there?
If there is an interview like,
I don't know, any like briefings,
like any extra document or something.
Just the interview document.
There's no interview.
There is no breaking document. Yeah.
All right. OK. It's a sub task.
It can come as a result of the submission
that's been submitted. All right.
Do you get a clue? I mean,
that's a good question.
Do you get clues that these might land
into? There's no rhyme or reason.
It could be.
It's probably just a selection and that's.
Yeah,
they'll do so many percentage of
whoever's task to that research.
And is that into just my knowledge?
Is that a good thing to have been to?
Is it something that we want? Yeah. OK.
I don't know whether there was any self
promotion in the detail that we give for
the open submission to channel that into,
you know.
It's something that the reputation
branding that you want.
I wonder if there's some things that in
that open submission or that submission
process,
you could almost include to get that
interview apart from can we have an
interview? Yeah,
I think I don't even think it's as
technical as that. I think it's just.
A selection of how many that researcher
has then has to reach out a tough
percentage of OK people. OK. All right.
I just want to make sure there's a good
thing rather than than sanity checking
any discrepancies. No, it's a good thing.
Deadline announcement.
Where does that come into that?
And when it's told.
So I think this is this is the additional
was that part of the submission leading
up to that date. Yeah.
So the moment that we learn about the
submission deadline of that particular
time,
then we'll send out and write an e-mail
to CNG.
And letting them know that this guide the
submission deadline is on a certain date,
and we also provide with all the
guidelines and the policy you could do,
you'll be doing that upfront anyway with
you as part of that when you're sending
your guides.
Would you be announcing that deadline is
associated with the guides and there's
deadlines associated with submissions?
Yeah, this is a submission associated.
This one is associated with the
submissions,
so it's that first part is spoken about
where you're communicating,
what the deadlines are. OK,
for each of the captions.
That was, yeah,
so that almost needs to go before the
submission. OK.
So if I had it in order deadline
announcement,
open submission briefing for interview.
Right. Yep. And then any other.
So they say the interviews happened.
Is any of that you don't touch that
that's outside of show or what you do
today or do you get to know feedback of
that interview when it was conducted,
how it went,
don't need to know feed into any metrics
that you would like to have known?
OK.
Any other tasks on the back of that open
submission?
The deadline for net or is that where it
stops posting?
To view the things and then they get
published so that at that stage we move
on to the the gate launch?
Process into the oh,
so this is then the guide launch.
But it says after you say, OK. Yeah,
so that's for the port says more so. OK,
so no one's going to request that a
launch.
It's just an action that we need to do.
And a lot of directories is because the
time record and we need to report back to
the business around the time statement
directories because of the analysis
that's performed between US client time,
CMG time.
We will take so this isn't this isn't on
the the guide launch isn't on the back of
the individual submissions and interviews.
This is a.
Part on client group LED guide launch it
was it's not one to one.
It's not one open submission 1 guide
launch that comes out the back of it.
So the guidelines comes off the back of
all.
So like we've we've submitted for that
deadline. Yeah.
And that deadline was for a guide.
OK,
that needs to be launched right with the
results, OK.
OK,
so there's another sub sub task of that
open submission is the guide launch, yes.
So we move to then what would be the
outcome of the open to the open
submissions?
The interviews that then provides us with
the the guidance.
Where we get embargoed rankings is the
first step, so the rankings are then.
Who gives? Who's the directory provider?
Emails.
Off to notify their Barber rankings.
Right?
Because we go for 100 or it's not the one
that's on social. OK, just chamber.
Just chambers, I think, Mark, since, like,
I need to check, but I think.
Let's go with this an e-mail.
One's two weeks.
One's one week with embargoed ahead of
the actual launch date.
Team prepares all of the documentation
for practise area rankings and.
Individual rankings and there's a
checklist for those that they that they
have to do,
they have to complete that time.
So what would that checklist look like
that they've got to complete to launch
the guide? So rankings?
Summary document.
And then communication, OK.
And the summary document is a template
that you have that you populate OK.
And again is that put into I manage is
that where it lives and then your
communication standards?
Template that you then HTML template from
that one. Yeah, you know,
OK and then you attach that did show
today.
I mean what does your communication look
like? Is it just?
We can't do that one in shareable because
it's HTML,
so we have to take that out of shareable
and then like come with the CMI number,
OK, good to take it in service now.
So what does the communication look like
or what you?
Communicating what details on that form,
it was easier to show you an example
because that could be a subtask that
communication could be the next subtask
down that's pre populated.
You know the details of that HTML and
then.
I suppose the things who doesn't then go
to join.
Emily. Sorry, it's me.
I've seen 10 and apologies because I've
obviously missed a lot of it.
So you might have already covered it,
but just before you mentioned there
around not doing it in sharewell because
it's like HTML. Is that when you use the?
The thing under the actions list that's
like generate CMI? Yeah. Cool. No worries.
Thank you.
I imagine service no can deal with HT.
That's what we're just saying.
So you can take take that form.
That's good. That's a self help.
Yeah.
So this is the the e-mail that we sent
out.
So we got like images and yeah formatting
like, yeah, it's a standard template.
But this is a outlook template and then
we've got the attachment of the separate
document and also the ranking spreadsheet.
OK,
so there are spreadsheet goes first as
well.
So there's like stages to it where the
spreadsheet goes first with all the
rankings,
and then there's a couple of days
turnover for the summary document because
it's a much bigger document.
And there's two quality cheques there.
Following each of those documents. OK,
so you would have so it populates so
effectively you're putting the social
link in, there's a digital link,
there's URL in there.
Can populate so it could be in ServiceNow.
You've captured social URL, you enter it,
digital URL entered and then that
populates again not to solutionise
marketing and how it can see on the
screen that it then populates the.
The communication that needs to be to be
sent out,
there's the types of things that you add
presumably is the orange links are the
ones that you're pre populating,
is that right? As well as other details.
Yeah,
I think the these are all the mail to
link. So they say the same standard.
Yeah, they're just standard.
Yeah, they,
I'd see I'd see those as being unchanging,
just produced out of the, you know,
out of the rules to create the
Just.
notification.
Yeah, yeah. And then.
So which bits you change? Yeah,
we change the the name of the service
directory provider and the guide and here.
And so all those details will come as
part of the original.
Submission. You've got those details.
That description here at the top that's
been actually already, OK,
you've done permission here. Yeah, OK.
And they've got the dates. OK. Yeah.
I mean, a copy of that would be great.
And then that gets pre populated.
And then who do you when I can see on
here,
there's lots of people that you will
notify their standards. Yeah.
These are all the main group that we need
to set out. But always. No, no, no.
Depends on the the game. Yeah.
It's not the same. So if like.
I'm just speaking to if guide one,
e-mail these if certain guides to e-mail
it could be pre they're pre populated,
they're not ad hoc,
they're the same group presumably.
Are they depending on? OK,
it's all depends on the the jurisdiction
of the guide book for example.
Yeah, this UK, of course,
is sent to the UK group if it is APEC
guide that was sent to APEC Group.
OK yeah.
So we can get that we can get that matrix
and then that can be people and then they
get notified. Yeah. OK.
So it's the rankings of each practise
area. Each individual lawyer,
and then the summary document is your
ranking summary and your quotes.
So you thought that happened? Yeah.
So this is this is the outcome of. Sorry.
Yeah. Yeah. So this one question. Yeah.
So this is the UK guide.
So you've got different at this areas.
And perfect when you click into without
the different location and then it comes
up with.
Ranking paper like this.
So this is the all the different ranking
of the global firm in in the UK. Yeah.
Yeah. So this is for the party department.
So if some practise area they also have
the lawyers ranking then we will have
another tap here.
OK.
That visualises it quite nicely.
Doesn't let on that screen,
we're just talking about those bands,
so you've done the ranking summary and
then communication, right, secretary?
All that guide and then.
The QCs as well.
There's an extra QC on the documents that
the team does sort of need to go to
someone else in the team or I'm just
thinking about like this. Yeah.
Or to assign is if we need to go to
somewhere else.
But it can go between the regions.
And is there a such that that QC is a
subset?
Again, like we talked about before,
is there a subset of the group or it
could be to anybody? No, no, it does.
It needs to be the DNA. OK, experts.
Yes. Awards. Oh, sorry. Awards comes next,
but presumably we can take it in the same
and then that's the end once it's.
Communicate this.
That's the end of the process.
Is that correct?
Although yeah, then,
then we there's some nice housekeeping
tasks because as we mentioned earlier,
where it means we are sending out the the
first e-mail saying that.
The for example,
the UK guy is now accepting submissions.
We also released the information about
the previous ranking, so I need, yeah,
so we need to like put in this year
ranking.
On in the table.
So to let the CMG knows what's the the
the ranking of that particular practise
areas.
In the past three years and then they
will make the decision whether it's going
to be in school or not in school.
But so when you do that step one at the
beginning sending out,
that's what you're saying you you include
the previous rankings that have been.
You catch it so,
but what's the housekeeping that you just
mentioned that compose this this activity?
Yeah, there. Well,
there's the credentials capture,
which is the extraction of all of the
matters.
From the submissions put into an excel
sheet which is a bulk upload template
sheet that then needs to go to CMG for
them to review,
make sure we all have the information
ready for it to go back to the bed
content team to upload intercourse.
OK, so you remember the coral boss. Yes.
Yeah,
that's the that's the all the information.
But if that coral boss is not completed,
then we need to go back to CMG and ask
them to provide that information. OK,
so that depends on what to get us. OK, so.
But if we can just close that,
we'll go back to the process.
And so at the end of this,
so I just catch that,
but this is the post activity on
directory response to where it is in the
processes.
For all that matter is that come as a
report is that in reporting that we can
capture or is that an activity that's
done on the back of this,
it's off the back of the open submission.
So when you've done this submission, oh,
OK,
and that's what we're talking about that
point that you then exported.
OK, I think we discussed that, didn't we?
Yeah, it's that extraction. OK,
it's that extraction.
But it was the housekeeping that we're
talking about at the end of this,
that so we've got all the tracker stuff.
Yeah, that we need to update the tracker.
Really.
And this is the tracker where only a
subset of the information from ServiceNow
is available and you then need to update
the tracker which has a lot more
information essentially.
And there's that. Literally,
typing in taking it,
and then there'll be an opportunity where
we extract some of the information here
and then it repopulates that tracker.
I mean, again,
not to solutionize our part back with
Mark and Parrot,
but if you need that information more
than double keying.
It could be an opportunity there where it
it it you take that information and it is
pre populated whether it's a you know an
extract from that yeah.
Yeah.
Well, did you get the pirate?
Keep up that *****.
Certainly heard it.
I think that your your points are made.
Are you?
I'm assuming you're just going to put
that as a requirement for for the
architects to provide you with the right
Yeah.
solution, yeah.
I was. We can discuss it, but yes,
it will land. The solution is, yeah,
I won't solutionize it here,
but it's something you would like to
No. So so we just I think, yeah,
sorry Deborah.
recall. It's not exactly.
My point was let's just grab it as a
clear requirement and then we'll work out
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly.
what the solution actually is. Neither.
Yeah. Perfect. Very good.
They're not double keying that you don't.
You're not between the two screens.
It could be. Do you take that information?
Yeah,
I think that's we're we're currently
Mandel peel.
You can pull a report from Cheryl right
now on the categorization.
The time spent and how that feeds in
would typically be how we we visit the
the admin associated with the.
The tracker at the moment. OK,
so that's one piece of housekeeping.
Anything else for the tracker or any
anything in addition,
the only thing that I'm thinking that
we're doing at the moment or looking at
with social media?
As the first to market and the social
tiles.
So where we're talking about social being
in the e-mail,
there's a part where we're going to start
to share the embargoed rankings with the
social media team and the.
Design team to get first to market.
Were they on that e-mail trail when you
said they're on that e-mail trail?
But this will happen at the point where
we do embargoed right?
So it's an early notification to the
design and social team about what the
rankings are,
but with nothing to go external.
OK,
so because it's a workflow in there or
notification within there that they get
wins. Yeah,
for the social that we share that OK that
we share that information nothing and you
do that the point as you said is this is
an art.
This is only our in flight at the moment
of discussion a more just an awareness
piece but the.
The only thing that did happen this time
was sharing the practise level rankings
for band One.
Design to create the tailors to be part
of that. That's that's another action.
I think it's when we can come back to
because but they get that insight.
The first markets. Yeah. Yeah.
The view is basically the partners went
first market when we when we had gate
launch day they want to be able to talk
about the rankings.
Our socials and in order to do that,
we can do it same day because we don't
get the information,
we get embargoed rankings,
but they can't be released until the day
of.
So what that does is restrain our design
team so the view is to share and prepare
as much as possible in advance.
Yeah. So that we're ready to share on.
It's those triggers that we talked about,
I think probably 9:15 this morning.
Who knows what when and it's giving them
that foresight. Yeah,
actually this is coming. Yeah,
it's that early notification. Yeah. Yeah.
OK. That's good.
Any other housekeeping on the back of
that or we always the tracker the more
this morning, yeah,
this morning sounds probably a long time
ago.
OK.
We don't think about this is this is the
process of one guy launch,
but are we talking, but OK,
we've talked about one guy launch,
but this is the same workflow everyone,
no exceptions.
Apart from the the apart from the
interview, yeah, well and supported.
So we don't have the open submissions,
just the upload, yeah.
So for that's the late for late as well.
Yeah.
So some of the as we mentioned earlier
chambers being our preference directories
but for some of the your office they
prefer legal 500 either they swap
chambers with legal 500 and then we can
support with the submission.
Drop and everything or they can keep
chambers and then they do legal 500
themselves. So in that case,
legal 500 being the unsupported directory
submissions,
we are not involved in any drafting or
reports,
we just help them to upload the final
document.
To the to the,
to the portal and they you would get a
request to upload that, yeah, OK.
And that's a separate request. Yeah.
So we got like I would upload upload
request that was one of the very yeah.
That wasn't just.
So this one is for the unsupported
directory,
so we still need visibility of all of
that because it ties into the admin the
historical data information and what we
need to communicate. Yeah,
but at the time, do they do?
Can I just ask, is that legal?
So there's something that their
preference, if you've got chambers.
We've done a lot of work,
we're doing that,
but they might want legal 500 unsupported.
Could that be a sub task that even though
you're not supporting it,
it's still triggered that you they can
use that information apart from chambers
to to do the work themselves?
Or is it a query that comes in?
Says just.
So I'm saying that they use that
information assuming the.
Process to do it themselves and the bit
that you're doing,
you've got sub tasks that they're going
to be doing.
The legal 500 themselves and your bit is
just to upload or do.
Would you prefer just as a separate query
that says assistance with upload?
How'd you get it today?
Right now it's a sustenance with upload,
right?
Because then we would just track the time
that we spent observations,
not the overall time.
That includes legal and.
But did you do the chambers bit for them
so?
Two different things because you've got
like for like which is then where a
category aligns for chambers and legal
500.
So you can then take a chamber submission
directly,
upload it to legal 500 if the category
aligns. If that doesn't. If that doesn't,
then you can't do that.
You have to believe what that's supposed.
And support and support with the legal
teams and.
Yeah,
they're they're still seen as separate.
OK,
so it's a separate request that you would
that you managed to share well,
just for your time at the moment. Yeah,
and that is, it's coming.
I need you to do you get forewarning or
is it this is this is it,
you get it in its final state or almost
to be told send out fines yes from the.
The PE legal team that they're going to
be suspecting on the deadline date. Yeah,
OK.
It's that early notification through the
you get that.
So they complete the request.
It's generally just an e-mail for that
one.
And then when they do the upload itself
or request. OK.
But moving forward,
removing e-mail they can fill in that
request form that says give you that
early hindsight of it and then request
for upload. Yeah. OK, that's good.
What's do you need any additional?
I'm going to discuss lots of bills today.
Do you need?
Additional information. I mean,
what do you get today that you think
actually they could provide a bit more
information that would be very helpful.
Or is it,
you know doesn't need to be over
cumbersome as a whole?
I think the key information is there for
what we need on that form. Yeah,
on that form already. Yeah.
If they complete it,
then we use that form. Yeah, we have.
What we what we need to proceed.
Just one thing is on reporting purposes.
You know sometimes they send us all all
submissions in one single e-mail and ask
us to upload and then we need to like
split up into four cases just.
To make sure that we are,
we are working on four different
submissions, not just one actually.
I mean the form within the week.
I was going to sneeze.
It could be that in one form or one
request it could be add another add
another. So you get one.
But actually the separate task so.
But that's certainly the case that
they're just in one place they don't have
to.
So doing 1 submission but four requests
and they get separated out,
that's possible as well. So that you know,
so the for them is the customer at that
point the customer of using the form is a
good experience for them.
But that's certainly possible that we've
discussed it in across some of our other
workshops that will be for their
experience. They're just adding, yeah,
that's certainly possible and it
separates it, as you said,
four different tasks and to manage your
workload rather than one task with.
4 bits of information. Yeah. OK.
Was there one last one at the end?
Historical. Was it historical query?
Is it? Yeah.
Historical Directory submission supports.
Yeah.
So sometimes they ask us for pass a copy
of the past submissions.
Then we just send the,
send them to send the document to them.
They can't. I mean, it's just make sense.
So they can they self-serve and see
what's there themselves? Yes.
But it's always quicker to ask of course.
Get served rather than just go into the I
manage and look for look for they could
do that.
So if we're looking at a knowledge
article or before they get the request to
say, you know, you could do this yourself.
See,
I mean it's actually the team is busy.
They're not.
You're not waiting for them to ask you
these questions.
It could be it could be a leading that
they actually then go and instructions
how to do it and then when they asked you
again, OK, the first time they do it,
it was a little bit slower than asking
you.
But the second time actually they're not
waiting for your response.
That's certainly an opportunity.
If they can do it or if they're not doing
it, why not?
If not, why not? It's a good transfer.
They certainly can do it,
and it's available to them.
That's a push back and that.
And what you what you could do is for
those where you've got the the
opportunity for your audience to
self-serve is you could consciously do a
Yeah.
delay in there in responding to them.
So through a service level kind of
Yeah.
Yeah.
expectation if they get it fast,
self-serve.
Yeah.
But if they come through and it's
something they can self-serve,
you basically hold it back so that so
they it it's they,
it incentivizes them to help themselves
rather than, you know,
keep coming to you to to spoon feed them
so to speak.
It could be that they still submit it,
but the pop-up might be, you know,
the team will get back to you there what
you know.
But but you can go and often do it.
And if they, as you said,
if they get it before you great but or it
could be that we just you push back and
that's a change in behaviour because
otherwise it will be.
They'll be coming for everything,
won't they? You know?
Is it part of their roles and
responsibility that it should be getting
this information themselves as well?
I mean,
I know in historically it's probably it's
just quicker to ask and then I can move
on to my next,
I think the the other part of that is
though is the like the ranking.
Information as well and like I'm just
thinking about the one for growing up,
but it's like an ongoing updated sheet
with the rankings.
So although we're talking about like a
copy of the submission, yes,
but then there's information like.
What's on the word?
A sort of directors tracker that they
they could self-serve with.
If we create a copy of and then the
location so they can't mess with it.
But these are the ones that these are the
ones that are.
It's more like the banking information
and the.
Practise serious information,
because then that information can then
lead them to a capability statement.
For example, OK,
so it sounds like there was simple ones
that they could self-serve and then there
are other ones that you may want to
handle yourself, you know,
so we could separate those out.
OK.
But certainly if you look at the
self-serve ones, if not, why not?
So they can push back are the ones that
maybe are slightly more complex you know
and how many was the volumes on those?
You get more.
That's like seasonal where you get a
little from sometimes I think it's not
not in the top five, no, it's not.
It's not one of our high usage ones.
It just when it comes around,
I would say it's people girdling.
They're more time consuming. Yeah,
when they're requested.
And this is an opportunity. I know.
We'll talk on knowledge as we get to the
end. It's an opportunity of that.
If they can do it themselves. If not,
why not? And push back between now and,
you know,
just getting that mindset of you can do
it. It isn't.
Stuff on the Internet shows you how to do
it is a role. If I go off and do it,
but certainly pushing towards if they can
do stuff.
I know it's easier to ask someone else.
There's definitely. That's a big change.
I think for CMG is.
Yeah,
the behaviour of that because the
expectation is 100% that ask client will
just provide that, yeah,
there was not that I guess agreement that
they will self-serve.
So that would need to be set as part of
the change and the expectation.
Good opportunity to manage that, you know,
not not to the point where it's like what
I asked client doing,
it wanted so much that you strip
everything.
But certainly the quick wins they can do
themselves.
It's a moment to inform Ruth she gets
back to the CMG behaviour, isn't it?
Again,
I've got the time for her as well for
Ruth, so she can listen to that change.
Maybe two awards. It's a good place to.
Yeah, he could.
And he said or was that the break?
I mean we can do awards in the same way.
So you get the awards to start that one.
Yeah. Chaplain awards.
Again,
is this open for entry same sort of
process open for entry?
You get informed that this is the
timeline that when it's going to happen.
Josh,
would you mind sharing your screen again,
so if you've switched screens out?
Why not?
It's only where Mandy was sharing and you
need to switch back.
What?
OK,
so maybe houses that a bit like
So.
directories,
how does all your life staff you get?
I mean it's probably much bigger subject,
it can come from anywhere,
but other regular awards that you attend
plus?
All the other ad hoc ones that you get,
you know, wind of that,
you can also be part of, right.
So awards as you know from the provider
to say that.
It's open for submission.
Then we engage with PR.
If it's one of the supported ones with PR.
If it's the CMG LED submission,
we engage with the CMG. Yeah,
I'm sure nothing's on the blacklist,
but generally speaking.
We're following the rule of what's on the
tiered last.
Then we're reaching out to see if we
wanted to submit to the relevant PRCMG.
See if it's something that they want to
proceed with and who makes that decision.
They make that decision.
They work with the legal teams. OK?
To determine whether or not they want to
submit. So the first point you get wind.
I mean,
do you know there's no regular wards?
Yeah,
so there's regular ones that we submit
every year. Generally speaking,
we know when they're coming around, OK?
So let's be scheduled contacts and
they're already pre approved.
We know that we're going to be entering
those do we tend to enter them every year?
Yeah, the ones that are on that last year,
OK,
so there's a lot of already information
presets been approved.
You don't need to get approval to proceed.
That's done. Maybe should talk about that.
Should talk about that. Happy Park first.
So these are the shared good ones. Yeah.
So those ones where they're offering a
proceeds,
check him with PRCMG Eagle teams.
Then at that point,
if they do want to proceed as a case of.
In our case and share well for the
support for the draught submission that
can be using previous year submissions,
other reporting template from the
provider, yeah, this difference, OK,
so it's from the awards provider,
so it differs.
It differs every year.
It's a lawyer of the year.
I'm suggesting that that might be a rule
that they they year on year it might be a
different set of criteria that they're
characterizations as to what one so and
the e-mail template outlines the areas
person.
And they may choose just like long or a
handful, or 1/2.
Just depends on what they feel strongly
about.
So it comes in to be a regular scheduled
event and some stouts it's in, you know,
the calendar date is on the dashboard.
You know that you're.
Approaching that date and you can have,
as you said, the workflow can commence.
So you're. I don't know how long it takes,
is it 4 weeks,
5 weeks that how long they take to
prepare,
but you'll get at least early
transparency of it and then you be auto
assigned, is it?
No more activity or it tends to be some
directories where it's like between
regions. OK, but you would want so, so,
so those awards known you would know
which location they're in.
So it could be client UK client Australia
already.
Populated or also assigned to that group
and they just pick the person that's
going to do the draught submissions. Yeah,
for the stuff up.
And that global visibility. Yeah, exactly.
All that global. Yeah, exactly.
That is we captured that that will always
be that.
Just because you're working in the UK,
you don't get to see the ones in
Australia, so that's fine.
So the first stage is that it's assigned
and now work in progress for draught
submission. Is that correct?
That's the first bit template populated
categories define what we're going to be
putting for the awards this year and then
you.
You complete that a client? Yeah.
And then you share with CMG.
Major revisions with the legal teams,
they may ask someone to direct you,
so they may ask us for support about nine
times out of 10.
It's done with the legal teams. OK,
so CMG needs to be the touch points plus
the touch point plus the legal teams.
OK,
so CMG would be notified that you've done
that draught submission.
Do you store it anywhere or was there a
link? When do you tend to slow down?
And then do CMG negotiate or liaise with
the legal team or is that something?
Yourself does CMG, OK?
So they'll manage that side of it and
then they come back to yourself with
revisions or we're not going to be
entering that category or what what sort
of columns do they come back with any
changes?
So sometimes they they will let us know
whether they are interested in putting
forward in going forward with the
submissions and if they intended to do so
then they will ask us to like make a
draught based on maybe last year's
submissions and then we send back the
draught to CMG and then they work with
the legal team, yeah.
So we will.
So I we're just saying that we've we've
done that draught submission,
what's the process after that the CNG
have got it, yeah.
So sometimes they will come back with to
us for revisions and others to update.
Sometimes they just work with the legal
team directly. And then the only.
Any time they come back with the the the
the day of submission. Yeah. OK.
So it could be pending or waiting
information pending. Yeah, approval.
So effectively you're getting the
approval for CMG to.
Process it or the fact that you've given
them the draught submission.
They can work on it and they can close it,
complete and then no further action for
yourself required.
Could they work on it a bit like we saw
earlier?
They can do all the changes themselves.
Yeah. So they can do changes themselves,
but we still need to get it back.
Final document,
remove all the the current same process
for removing. Yeah. Yeah. OK.
And then at that point,
the iterative maybe.
Then give them another draught.
They could then check it.
Yeah.
So it like it can go go back and forth
and at that point then remove the
comments before we upload to the portal
and then upload to Portal external
provider Portal. Yeah.
OK that's provided and at that point it's.
Been submitted for an old yeah.
And you do all of that?
You're the last people that upload to the.
Yeah. I mean,
they can do it as well if they're really
not going to do it on time because a lot
of the work providers so stay open till
like midnight their portals.
So the process and we get a consistent
level of service.
But like they could do it or we should do
it if it is,
that wasn't responsibility that you're
doing it as a consistent workflow.
It was all on time.
And that's the case scenario that we're
talking through. Yeah. And then it's done.
Yeah. OK, that sounded quite a happy.
And then you've got other ones that are
unscheduled. Sorry. I'm just wondering,
do you have different awards types and
would that impact how you do things,
the categories haven't,
there's only one we are.
Yes, it's different categories portal.
That's where it differs and that's the
only difference I would say is there's
one or provider that I can't think of the
name of,
but we basically have to copy and paste
everything and also that portal into the
portal.
So it's not an upload of a submission
that's on.
Copy and paste from the submission
documented portal.
We recommend that they get goods. Yeah.
Yeah. A good solution. Yeah. OK,
that that's a one off, is it? Yeah.
Is that part of the scheduled ones?
Yeah, OK.
But the but the same if we take that as a
workflow say upload to the submission,
how you do it,
whether it's copy or paste or it's the
same how we do it that first, yeah, OK.
And do you get a confirmation that they
could see,
I mean assumed you get a confirmation
back, it depends on the provider, yes.
And there's no eyes. Look,
I'm just like we've got the submission.
Thank you very much.
Sometimes they send us a receipt and by
e-mail is different.
Because sometimes you can attach those as
supporting evidence, but it's actually,
you know,
confirmation received check box that
recently you know that did we?
We didn't win nothing or did they even
get, you know, that sort of questioning?
Well,
they definitely got it because we saw the.
Thank you. We received it.
It's just unsuccessful this year. Yeah,
just for supporting evidence moving
forward. OK, so now we've got the.
Open for entry.
We don't do them every year,
but we'd like to, you know.
At least submit for these ones. I mean,
if we can go through that process.
So how do you hear are the PR team maybe
getting in touch or how do they land with
you currently today?
Is that how we talk about the black
listings or the ones that were were not
supported?
Oh any other.
So you've got the scheduled ones and then
you've got these other stuff for
discussion of PR to go forward or like
there's a new award.
So not scheduled not on the blacklist.
And it was a new award.
That would be a discussion with PR.
So it could likely come in our direction.
Then have a discussion in the direction
of PR to see if it's a support one that
we would support okay,
and if they do proceed for if you only if
it's going to go ahead,
you would still follow the same process,
you've got to do the draught submission.
If it's PR LED go as well.
So if you've got a PR LED submission it
could be.
The PR support are asking for that
support,
but it's likely the PR will just run with
the whole process,
but our more firm wide submissions so
then would they handle the draughts of it?
Are they asking you to still do it? No,
no.
So it's on the base, but generally no,
not for our PR LED, OK.
So PR LED is LED by PR as the name would
suggest and the other ones where they're
asking you for when you're asking PR for.
Authority to proceed. Then you'll need.
Yeah,
they're just looked into the
communication.
So they're just OK across the award and
the volumes of those that are ad hoc or
unscheduled,
they tend to be not that many because
respect the.
But the tiered awards versus the black,
it sounds what you're saying.
Yeah, there's APR, right?
For those ones that fall under the PR
that you're doing,
is there an opportunity to push back that
they should be doing all of them or
should they learn,
should they in the future or forward
submissions or all PR LED, yes.
All the ones where you're requesting to
PR,
whether you should proceed with them or
not, look at them. So they're CMG. OK. OK.
OK. All right. Thank you.
But yeah,
the same process draught submission go
through that, OK.
Is there any other times?
Not for emotional.
So the historical awards submissions
support.
Is that sort of historical we do take it
in the next to suggest as the historical
data is historical data.
So they ask us for like the same
information or part of what when.
And is it again something that they could
do self-serve so award wins? Yes,
because it's on for US award wins.
And when they don't win, well, virtually,
it's not. They didn't win. Yeah.
So we but it happens.
So we track on the awards tracker and the
outcome and there's that the support that
the other documents that you know I
managed where can they go to the awards
tracker.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Sometimes we share the copy of. Yeah,
yeah, but not the live link. Yeah. Yeah.
The dangerous the they miss.
They can't use. OK. Yeah.
So these these might not be some of the.
Self-serve that you want them.
You think it's more about a copy? Yeah.
So I think it's more about that they can
have visibility, just not editing, right.
So it can have visibility.
So it's visibility and filtering but not
access to aid up.
Umm.
Is there any?
Is there any benefit and if you get
notified that say you win or something
that you create a knowledge article for
Yeah.
just for that lasts for say six months
and then disappears to enable people to
self-serve for that information.
Is there any merit in doing that?
Yeah.
So instead of,
instead of having to respond every time
Yeah.
someone says, how did we do on that?
You as soon as you get sort of notified
Yeah.
of an outcome,
you create an article and then it's time
bound. So it retires.
You can basically create an article and
then retire that article after a certain
amount of time or even do a news.
News event maybe a news item.
It depends how open the audience is,
Yeah.
but there might be opportunities to do
something different.
Yeah.
What's the thinking on that?
Well, there is the quotas,
which is the central point,
I think for all of this information,
new directories and awards.
So the award ones do set on there, yeah.
And that's where they use and we'll use
that type of information for the links of
capability statements for patches.
And I think that from a bad content
Yeah.
perspective that's it's quite important
that we still will start there. I mean,
Yeah.
not adverse to putting it on service now,
but I think it's we can't take a wave,
No. So I no, I'm now now. I've sorry,
I misunderstood.
yeah.
Quotes.
When I when you mentioned it before,
I wasn't sure that that had all of that
in there.
So what we need to do is have an article
that just points people to how to get to
it and then and then literally if they if
Yeah.
through a general inquiry they asked for
it almost as they as they raise.
Yeah.
That you you include in the sub you know
before they can submit it.
You actually re point them at the right,
yeah. The right source. And then just,
Yeah.
you know let that one lag and don't come
back to them because ultimately you want
Yeah.
them or even just sending a notification
with the link in there to say here's
Yeah.
where you get your information.
One thanks very much and auto.
Yeah.
Close the ticket.
You've got a number of options there.
Yeah,
I think it's about if it relates to award
wins or you can probably put a
notification that says and directs them
to quarters in the content library.
And if it doesn't,
then we'll obviously respond to you.
So I think there's similar to directories
for a cubicle one or two ways and those
instances where as available.
Level please utilise itself server but
hasn't never pack up your request and
Yeah, yeah.
what other types of you know?
Also you're looking who won is always.
Did I win? It's not personal.
It could be who won this over the last is
that happened three years or who was it's
not personal.
It's if they want the data of the winning
the winning people,
and just as a for my own invention,
you would categorise only they could go
and see externally the other law firms
that want it as well,
because you may can do that their own
self survey.
In that way we're just going to be
capturing.
Ashurst winners within those time periods
in that category,
you don't capture the the number one
person that won it. So that category no,
not the, no,
you don't do the competitive side of it,
it's just the internal.
That's good. So is that historical?
Is there any other targeting sort of
shortlisting?
Is that you get the shortlists? Yeah,
words. And then is then taken saying oh,
yeah.
Yeah. So following the Sebastian,
were they notified from the provider if
we're shortlisted on occasional tells us
with one,
with an embargoed one at that point,
we then reach out to.
So if you you submitted it, it's great.
And then as you said,
we've either been one or shortlisted and
it could be one or multiple people
multiple or category.
You know it's not just one to one
relationship or you're shortlisted in
this in these multiple areas.
How do you get informed of that and
that's?
And that just comes in. OK.
I was just thinking about how to
systemize it. OK,
but I'll pop that for a minute.
So they just tell you that breakdown.
You could then go into that case and then
what you do with that information at that
point? Yeah, we share with.
PL And the CMG mode.
If we know about the the submissions,
that was the CMG content for that
particular submissions,
then we share the information with them
alongside with the.
Ticket booking packages.
So we've got the that information from
the provider saying the day and time and
place of the ceremony and how so yeah.
And the the ticket,
how much is the table cost?
And then we'll ask whether any of you
would like to attend the ceremony. Yes.
Yeah.
So CMG will reach out to the partners.
Sometimes the partners will invite the
client to come along, right? Yeah.
All plus ones that partner,
plus excel tickets or, you know,
so you can have a whole table, 2 tables.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So do you.
What touches share world today to manage
that process?
I think it's more the about the
communications. Yeah.
Sending out information and receiving the
conversation from CMG or partners,
whether they want to, they want to go or.
How many people?
How many tickets they would they would
like to to purchase? Yeah, approval.
That would be a subtask of that award
submission.
That could be the one workflow and then
you can add you sort of track who's going
number of tickets where it is.
So it's a tracking the details and the
comms that come out the back of that, yes,
is it correct to assume that every time
you've won you'd go to the event, OK,
it might be worth actually having it all
depends on whether they have the budget.
Yeah,
because the the practise the practise.
Yeah, the practise.
So the the tickets they are quite
expensive so we need approval and the
Costco in order to proceed with the
ticket booking.
So we will discuss we will be able.
The award providers on the booking
harmony takers,
but then the CMG and the partners,
they need to provide us with the proper
approval for us to go okay.
That's where it comes in. But I mean,
yeah, I mean my I'm jesting,
but winning every year might wear off.
How much you know,
not going to go next year.
But it's expected. If you've won you,
you tend to go for reputational
perspective. Yes,
that is as the directives. Yes. Yeah.
It's just not always discussed or someone
on behalf of might. Yeah. Instead of.
Yeah. OK.
But that's certainly a workflow we could
manage. As you said, the events how many,
where, when,
how many large codes and the approval for
them to attend. Yeah,
and that might lead to our business case.
So whether we need the business case that
company is depending on the cost, OK.
So the business case is triggered by.
The threshold of the cost is there no
value for that 10,000.
I've just got to write 10 and I've
written 10 and I didn't know how many
note. 10,000 is the business case.
No, for the business case there's 1010,
including VAT.
I've got it before 5 directors consider.
OK,
who approves that goes to Chief B officer
and GBN, whatever her state was.
Sorry, Chief,
the media officer and the practise here
don't know this as well. OK,
so we can certainly do that workflow.
Yeah,
that goes end to end and Australia's the
sort of equivalent value.
That's not enough. Yeah,
they're slightly differs as well
genuinely because of the.
The time and turn around.
Sometimes they have to use credit cards
to book the tickets and then expense that,
but it's only the approval for that. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean,
it's still the approval as this case
approval has over and yeah,
that's the case. Yeah.
Ideally it would be then an invoice and
going through the fuel process.
OK so it could be a subtask of we've won
we're attending.
I mean we've lost and we still want to
attend presumably what happens when we
don't lose,
but we'd still like to be there for, yeah.
So it's like the client perspective as
well. So like sometimes you're.
It's you're not.
You don't actually have that information,
but generally speaking we get the
shortlist information and that's what
trevors sure you don't tend to we run the
last event. Yeah. Yeah. OK.
Sometimes we're just told we have been
shortlisted,
but they are not going to announce the
winner until on the evening of the
ceremony.
Yeah, yeah. To get to encourage. Yeah,
absolutely.
Yeah, I'm just flying sometimes.
It's school. I mean. OK, so that's a good.
We've done the scheduled ones and we've
done the ad hoc ones and that workflow
for attending there doesn't need to be
any.
Follow up or retrospective completing
photo of the old.
It's just APO process that we then follow.
I said OK. Payment. Yeah,
payment procedures and then trigger that.
OK. Yeah.
So that the PO process is followed and
then we send out all the invites to the
attendees.
No,
we are not sending our invite to the
attendees, directories and awards.
We just send to CMG.
CMG manage that we send to,
we send an outlook invite placeholder to
CMG and then they will share with the
partners or all the clients. OK, yeah.
If you think about that instead of it
going into outlook,
it's something that they get notified or
populates in the sense that you know your
calendar that I'll let Mark and Harry
discuss that and something that from that
you know when it is,
you know you're going it's been approved.
In population calendar that,
that's the event that you'll be attending
with any dress code or you know,
additional information that is required.
You'll take a 10 minute break. Yeah.
Is that awards?
In it's in terms of pretty much high
level, you know end to end process, yeah,
we're going to apply, we're going to win,
you're going pick up the awards.
There's some of that we need to pay press
release as well but that's.
PR was, yeah, so PR would let us know.
Yeah.
If they want to put out a press release.
But it's not something that we trigger
some awards we need to bring to pay entry
fee to enter. Yeah, basically.
But that's done at the draught submission
stage, OK?
Yeah.
They're always suspicious.
Those paid to end to one and everyone
always gets advised. I mean,
not being courage. OK,
and press release comes.
Free. We're attending or they always post.
We want that thing. Yes, yes, yeah. After.
OK. Yeah.
After the result has been officially
announced. Yeah,
because that could trigger a.
Notification for the details,
at least the we want this in this
category.
You got the information there that you
could be triggered to populate that press
release. Yeah. But we are not populating.
We usually if if they want to put up a
press release we've got the.
Got the information from PR and then they
would let us know to like put it on the
Azure's website,
but sometimes they do it themselves. Yeah,
yeah. So the past release,
those on texture themselves,
they have access to do them, yeah.
A break. So I just need to stand up.
Should we come back four? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Tomorrow.
Obviously I messed up in the complex.
Some of them are like, you know,
put the same challenge. But yeah,
that would finally service here, you know.
Just otherwise you get into the weeks of
the science or something like cashieri.
Yeah, there's no way that we could learn,
you know, like going to the doctor.
I can't be almost years of training.
We just have to be what you do today.
Workflow. Yeah.
But once you think like that otherwise.
Yeah.
I'm thinking it's a process if you're
trying to make it a very consistent look
and feel when you stay with, you know.
Yeah,
I think it lasts a little bit longer than
what we expected, but.
Time like and the calendars anyway,
so we may as well. So yeah, exactly.
So it was good.
I think Marwan got everything that you
needed, stuff like that. So yeah,
finished it. Do you think I came down?
So yeah, it was a good one.
You still be on the countdown now,
so you are.
So you only got the rest of that.
This is more.
This is it's a bit like having surgery,
you know, it's goat.
And then when you finish it,
they goat and now it starts and the start
how it feels like now this is just a.
The pre training and now we're started.
Did you manage to get your travel book
for Wednesday?
I'm going to have a look at it. Yeah,
I think I'm going on Thursday if nobody
sure might be in.
Then if you aren't going to be here then
we will definitely go in on Wednesday.
I might start Thursday, but yeah,
but yeah.
That's for that. Yeah, that's for more.
Because Julian and Marwana here and we're
going to go do some stuff. But yeah,
I mean for you guys. Yeah,
I'll wait to see. I'll wait to see how,
actually.
That's a good point.
Appointment to cancel my hotel, don't I?
For the change, change the night? Yeah.
Change the night. Yeah. Cancel that.
I don't know what the notice period is.
If I change it when I get back,
it should be I'm less than 24 hours or 24
hours. Maybe it does vary,
which I'm at on time.
For tomorrow night. Yeah,
you might want to do it soon,
but getting through. Give them a call.
Should I give them a quick call?
Because I just thought.
The contact information that then the
provider then then send the notification
to CNG and the distribute.
So that is an office. Yeah.
I don't know if that was being the
beauty's part.
I'm not the carrying of new words by the
T shapers. Well,
it's because I haven't shared it because
I was going to do it was really using the
egg. Then when we put it on more for it.
So just I think that's the problem. Yeah,
I think it. Yeah.
I think Kelly's Dave met overview works.
It's just to be built. Yeah,
because this is what I've got in short,
one. So this is the update. That's right,
which I realised that, you know,
still going through that probably.
I didn't think to add this because I I
haven't finished the rest of the maps
because I actually wants everything
signed up, right? So not.
That's what we're saying, right?
I'll just make that change that they
killed. Yeah,
I'm meeting with her on for six.
Some of the changes that you're talking
about.
OK, great. Thank you.
What was it? When were we to come back?
Call.
OK.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You haven't done nothing.
Yeah.
I.
How about little in years as a limited
edition Dark Side, Limited edition,
dark side?
They don't look like the red packet the
dark side.
Labour.
Umm.
Yeah.
So I like that No2 rainbows are the same,
neither are two packs of Skittles or mix.
I have no idea what that means.
Yeah.
Tomorrow's data.
You're outside. Or is it the Chamber?
Isn't it for dinner? I'm a lot invited.
Do you call me? I couldn't.
I couldn't do it last night.
I was just embarrassed. No, I didn't know.
You know what I eat like, five or six?
I'm like, oh, my God, was sick.
I've got myself. So I'm just like,
it's best to even not eat them and have
two and then get something like.
Yeah,
I had a big conversation about
communication.
Over the expenses, just in general,
when the whole system,
we don't know what's going on,
you mean proactively like managing, yeah.
Just telling people that something's
coming. We agree.
We've got a meeting and we've got a
meeting where we're waiting for.
Can I come back and say please?
She's back. OK,
so you don't want to be all night in the
back yet? No, no, no.
So I'm just waiting for her,
so we need to reschedule this on my
meeting.
So there's something in the other
people's.
The product manager product I manage. OK.
And she.
So we're speaking to her, but we want to.
Can you pay?
This is better than what you've got.
I think that's why don't you take away
because.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think it's,
it's not even that. I think it's.
You don't understand what the key result
is, actually not part of the stage.
So it's quite hard to the.
So why I think that's disconnect for us
is.
Recommend should actually what are the
capabilities so much? Yeah.
Just trying to like.
They're paying my name. Is that was that?
This is the work. Yeah,
lots to do tonight.
So ServiceNow much on that?
Making pages work is because. Yeah, it's.
Yeah. I mean,
we have the conversation about, I think.
Which is on emails. Yeah,
suddenly just got one who it's from
rather than those things are supposed to
like.
Our internal points received that quite
importing.
It's different from the client who it's
from. But they will have.
Require financials for require of the
last 12 months or or like whatever we
need to treat that there's yeah.
I.
And when it comes back to terrible
important,
you get for me as the statement another
one and so been able to play that back to
the business and justify that this team.
Yeah.
My dad? Yeah.
So that that to the business thing
actually in reality this.
The same thing, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. You know, it's great.
It's a really nice tool to use. Yeah.
And hopefully that's being related to.
Yeah, I think that 'd be a good idea.
I'm just happy to make the impact of the
parent, but I think, yeah,
challenge though, like that. Yeah,
that's one.
So those have loads of like yellow in the
which are like the worst.
That doesn't mean you can have.
If you want to speak to me, did you?
I did. But I feel bad.
You catch the CMG change. I'm dying.
The main loop we're getting the person
that posted to the point that we can tell
me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Would love to get finished by 5,
but dry so it's not harder one you said,
right? Yeah. Well, it's not hard.
It's just.
Yeah,
that process is not hard and it's just
the. But I have the back and forth.
There's quite a few things going on there.
Yeah, it's it's all the back and forth,
but I think it's warm up here,
but the child and all the different
associations that they can just revisit.
Tickets flying out. Would you just take?
I think I've got it written down. Well,
if you told me where or what it was that
I need specificity here.
Are you trying?
It's fine.
Yeah.
That is a new AI project. Yeah,
I wrote your name as well.
Why did I go to the loo for two minutes?
Do you know roughly at what time it was
said?
I can just listen to the recording
actually.
We've got various notes about CMG doing
things like.
I never look at the thing.
I can't remember which of them is the
behaviour change is the thing Emily
basically a pop to the loo and Josh
forgot what the change aspect?
I've got it. I've got it on the thing.
It IT related it related to self help.
It was the bit where we said they could
Oh.
go and look for it but they don't.
They ask and they asked so you know
Don't put the what, sorry.
obviously that takes a drawer out of
these guys time and you know what we want
them to be able to do is be steered
towards a knowledge article or.
Yeah.
The team talked about not necessarily
responding as quickly to those ones,
so that it helps them get it quicker if
they do it themselves.
You have to do with the store
confirmation for work one and.
Did I get that right, Emily? Sorry,
I can't hear you.
Yeah, the historical,
the award wins tracker that's unquoted.
So to point to the self-serve option.
There we go. Yeah.
For the for the ones for the
transcriptions and the directories,
I'm not actually also the tracker that we
were talking about,
Yeah.
potentially making the directories and
awards. Yeah,
we were talking about it over there.
So the that's the tracker that tracks
each of those being directories or words,
and it's more about visibility,
but not being able to aid it or philtre
philtre. Can you put the next?
Yeah.
Yeah. And we want all of that on chorus.
We're currently on chorus, OK,
the award wins is on Chorus and the
summary.
And the rankings so many social media
stuff, I think we got those we.
Find.
Sun, are they going to be?
She.
Yeah.
OK.
OK, so there's this PR activity.
There's not all of them are PR,
but you've got PR client data and
reporting.
Maybe that actually is reporting that
next one down. Sorry, I've got that one.
But that should go on to reporting
correct type of data,
reporting distribution, list management,
yeah,
just make that there's one I think so no,
that's not that like reporting
applications distributions.
OK.
Publication distribution to do with the,
that's why we've got a more content
calendar. So you do the top one,
the social media one,
that's probably a good place.
So that's the point. If you could see,
that's just the levers.
OK. If we start that,
so is that you say it's to do with leave
this. Yeah, pretty much.
This is just an admin removal of access
to anyone that's left the firm.
Do you do that or is that part of the
join and move and leave this process?
Well,
I think we're taking it as a wider
subject because we did a child the week
before and probably he would say actually
as part of a triggering that all access
for all things are removed based on the
readers report. So you could roll that up.
Yeah, into that.
Add that as a removal. Yeah.
Another platform. Yes, people need to.
Yeah.
So if they're in the AG directory that
it's all removed across all their access
for anything. Yeah.
They can't actually access it when they
leave or. Yeah. Yeah,
as a if it's removed. Yes.
It's associated with their.
For an e-mail, yeah.
But it would make sense as part of
enjoying readers. Readers process. Yeah,
no,
I think it makes sense to remove access
as part of. Yeah, that, that process,
it would just guess the question would be
as IT have an access to.
Remove that so that we just need to be
shared. OK,
this is not a team managed platform.
It's a external platform.
But there could be an opportunity.
Why would they not have access?
Yeah.
It's just because it's a. Yeah, well,
I think this one's actually social media.
It's a social media platform.
It's a external platform. Yeah.
Is it multiple?
But we could still generate a task for
that team to go action. Can we?
Just.
Yeah.
Yeah. So on the leave,
the support for social media is this from
something. So basically, Mark,
this is the one that when they leave,
they're being removed from these social
media, external platforms, right? Yeah.
Yeah. So, So what I what? Yeah. What?
I was this what I was trying to work out
that if it's not if it's not currently
sort of within the gift of it to do
anything with it then whichever team does
manage the admin access.
Yeah.
We should out of the join as movers,
leave us.
Just give them a task or notification
task that they can they action as part of
Which is what which which is then us,
which is then you. Is that. Yeah. Yeah.
that process.
So you're saying as weird then the that
point that not a lot of people use this
so it's not in fact just it should be
with every.
Should be like every quarter,
but it's as and when they have the
capacity to review it,
but it's not widely used because they're
trying,
I think trying to replace the platform.
So do you manage those people that are on
those social media platforms?
On anywhere only for the lever when you
add them do you manage them anywhere,
we just remove them.
Yes,
so so my mind source says that whoever it
is that does the ads should do the remove.
Yes, it's it's a self-serve I believe.
Yeah.
We need to remove them because they're
leaving. Yeah. Yeah. And then have access.
OK. But it's something certainly. I mean,
you're not getting multiple.
How many people are on these platforms?
There's it's so historic that.
It's hardly the base left on it,
but to be removed, OK.
And they are themselves.
They're trying to replace that with
something else. They're just trying to.
So as we move people off,
we're not adding new people on those.
Not really.
I think we're not advertising it or not.
So it sounds like it's good to join the
group as leavers.
And you get a task that this person is
leaving. I mean,
are there particular so we are there a
particular group that leaves that you I
mean how how would the joiner move the
leaders we would use the leaders report.
Are you getting a copy of?
The leavers at joiners and Leavers report,
and that's then what we use to inform who
is removed.
And so how would you know that they've
been added to a platform based on Circuit
says therefore, how Josh, you know,
it would be.
You know,
how would you know that if I was on it
and Josh wasn't?
How would you know who's on that platform
a lot? Or you just check?
You just go into the platform and check,
check if they're on it. OK.
It's as random as as random as that. OK,
OK.
There's something we can take away to see
how we can.
But that it could be when access is I'm
not suggest and there's only something
you can do because you're admin of that
type of admin and so does social media.
And I wonder if Mark that's an
opportunity that IT when they're doing
these things they also have admin,
you know it's not that it's something to
discuss that it's like a scheduled case
really.
Yeah, 'cause it.
Yeah.
That's what goods it's like.
A trigger of this needs to happen. Yeah,
as a result of the Weaver, it is what?
That's what we do. Yeah,
Yeah. So what? What? What I was thinking.
So, Emily, what? Yes,
we'd send the task to you.
it'll auto trigger a task out of the
leavers process.
But what we could do is say, well,
if service desk are removing safe,
Yeah.
the person from AD and all of these other
things, if they had access.
Yeah.
Credentials.
They could do that on your behalf as part
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
of the one removal sweep, right?
So that should be something we can ask
the question.
Let me have a look at the other support.
Yeah,
George can do the client client
publication,
do the client publications as long as the
two at the bottom publications and media
release publications and media release.
Right. So we've done hot words.
Because that was the whole content
calendar.
That's when we spoke about the start, OK,
but and then we got the distribution and
the distribution comes as part of that
same process.
So we're not by what they select,
whether it's an interaction, less board,
yeah, or a distribution.
They can ask for an interaction list in
preparation for that separately to the
global content calendar.
I'm just trying to think if there's any
other instances of a distribution or not.
Otherwise it will go through that
calendar. Do we have anything else?
If that distribution does not involve
publications,
then it won't show up on the GCC.
It is just a set of distribution only.
How old is?
Loads are loads,
I'm just actually I'm trying that AI1
requests.
Yeah,
usually the distribution is attached to
publications. Yeah, yeah.
But if they decided to just go ahead with
distribution and not involving anything,
upload to to the website,
then they don't need to add.
And an entry on GCC they can just submit
what we're supposed to work directly.
Yeah,
distribution sharing interaction with
this. So is that the interaction list?
You get that?
So that's been an additional task as part
of that. So there's like a few things.
Associated with a publication. Yeah,
that they can pack from being an IE
interaction list and upload under
distribution,
OK and they can pack from those three. OK,
so we can incorporate it at that point,
could we for those that have an upload to
the website,
so those that don't have an upload to the
website, it's off through the.
Form distribution and.
OK, that's good.
If we look at clients,
other supports PowerPoint formatting that
comes in as a general.
Query. How does that land do today? Yeah,
the ad hoc form. Yeah.
J is client presentations, right?
So there's probably a review of it comes
in via the form.
Selection of PowerPoint or via e-mail.
At that stage they tell us to you know,
how much of a checklist of that what you
asking today? No,
they're quite is based on what they're
asking for.
So it can come in different formats all.
Just rebrand so it could be an old brand
to new brands. OK,
we brand new brands that would make,
we would then push that to the document
production team.
If it's a straight transfer,
if it's a case of can you chance of this
one can you change?
Can you brand the line?
Can you make this more stiff,
enhance or align with the align with the
guidelines like that all of that then
would stick with us. OK,
so you capture that upfront that if it's
brand rebrands,
if you're a good thing going off to.
Document which will document production,
production and then if it's the others.
As you said, change. Yeah,
it's for like reformatting performance
imagery,
that kind of stuff that would be us,
we will be.
Thinking at whether that is client facing
or if that's an internal document.
If it's an internal document that's also
for either themselves to do or for
document production. OK,
so you're doing the so essentially the
stuff that knowledge article upfront when
you're leading the stuff that land land.
With yourself is the reformatting your
client presentations? Yeah. OK,
so they're the rules that land with
yourself. Yes.
Providing support on client documentation.
But we also need to have what if there's
client imagery?
Or it goes to use.
We need confirmation from the client to
use that or from compliance if they find
that upfront,
do they tend to show they don't?
They chose to steal the information and
give it to us and ask us to it.
So that's why we compliance perspective
to go. You need to go and get approval.
Before we'll work on that,
but maybe that should be an opportunity
where you could say actually we're only
accepting the fact you know,
we're not just going to put,
I worked in the case with Warner Brothers
where they took all their super, you know,
they took all the imagery and then it was
posted and there was.
You know,
imagine the backlash so it could be that
the pre approval check is that they've
already got confirmation,
so it it stops that back and forth
already.
So that's an opportunity there where we
can get that.
Would you would you want that attached?
Would you want that attached Emily to the
record?
Yeah, no. Yeah, definitely not just folks.
Yes, you will support.
Yeah.
Well then,
and that's where I was going there.
If it is it and is it in a certain format,
would you,
Yeah.
is it like APDF or would it be like an
e-mail? Well, how would you want that?
Yeah.
That doesn't really matter as long as
it's provided by the owner.
So whether that be the client compliance.
I think it matters is because it stops
them just putting any old document in
Yeah.
there with, you know,
got the approval tick on word that
Yeah.
they've written. You know what?
What would you want from them that was
No,
it needs to be an e-mail from the e-mail,
more controlled?
like likely then would be an e-mail from
compliance or an e-mail from the client.
To say that we can use that imagery at
local. I mean it's actually.
Perfect. Yeah. OK. So it's So what?
Because what? Sorry, Deborah,
if I may just just outline where my
thinking is going,
Yeah.
what we can do is we can put some guide
notes on the record at the point at which
Yeah.
you're asking for it to say this is the
expectation that we have.
It's a copy of or PDF of the e-mail or
whatever e-mail file.
Yeah.
And then that helps your audience know
what they need.
Yeah, yeah.
And do they attach the image that they
want or that he's asking you to go and
find that image part of that in airport
scenarios and the other pinpoint on that
one is they've basically stolen a
PowerPoint and asked us to be for.
Because it's not theirs.
It's not their PowerPoint.
I'll have private and confidential.
It's got client information,
that's financials. It's not ours.
Got clients.
So do you have to then start again?
So we push back and see we're not working
on that unless you've got.
So there's sounds like we've got an
opportunity to.
Before you,
you know it does this PowerPoint and you
can ask them some leader questions and it
just cuts it off at the pass. Yeah,
I think that's the most of the respective
team.
And I think it's more about the
compliance aspect of the client terms.
So what client terms are,
are we adhering to or for anything as a
result of putting that in documentation?
So it cuts it off.
Yeah.
Off of the past,
you just don't have to decline because
they will be declining it based on their
self on the questions that are asking and
Yeah.
if they push it through answering
incorrectly,
imagine that you know that conversation
that you can have say you know this is
escalating based on.
Excellent. Yeah. Well,
if you're going to say something, sorry.
No,
I was just going to say that where they
where they get those in,
they can just do a straight,
almost like a straight reject closed
incomplete, you know,
Yeah, yeah.
because of these reasons and literally is
there any Emily,
is there any policy documents that
knowledge collateral that we can point to
the policies for that.
It's client terms,
so each client is different,
Oh, OK, so so it's just the unique terms.
OK, I was just going to.
all that too copyright,
and what state States 5 and confidential,
yeah.
Yeah,
I think there might be an opportunity to
structure and knowledge article that
talks about copyright that talks about
some of those criteria,
but also points them back to,
Yeah.
you know their their own client terms to
again reduce, you know,
Yeah, yeah.
but ultimately when you get one in.
You can shield yourself by all of those
by just doing a straight reject. Go read.
Yeah.
This is what I was.
And how sorry and how often do you get
these?
We sometimes just get a wind of all of
them all at the same time.
And then sometimes we everyone sticks to
the rules and everything's fine.
It's really. Oh,
so it's a consistent behaviour. Yeah,
it's a more behaviour.
It's not console works as well like no
because you get it and I wave.
So I would say is the easiest way to
describe it is we just had a wave there
of those types of requests or can you
repurpose this PowerPoint and use these
logos and it's kind of like it's not that
we can't work.
Work on it for the logos,
but we wouldn't actively work on that
slide.
So it's maybe it will suggest that we'll
work on all the other slides until you
get that approval and then we'll work on
that slide.
But until you give us that approval,
we're not going to do that.
But what that does is puts it in the
hands of CMG to say if you want to go and.
Work on that. What we sent back.
So I guess this is evidence of upload the
original document of what we sent in to
safeguard because we were sending back a
document that doesn't include the client
logos.
And if they then choose to include the
client logos in that PowerPoint that's on
them and not us.
But we can certainly have that free form
that stops a lot of it. Yeah.
And then if you, even if it does,
if you manages to get through the gates
and then you can equally reject it in the
root cause,
you can select Y or push back or there
might be on hold. And you say actually.
We can use slides one to seven, yeah,
and then it needs to go through that
approval process,
but certainly with supporting evidence,
as you say,
as Mark said on those client terms can be
incorporated. Yeah. Yeah.
And then I think for anything more
technical that goes out with the realms
of PowerPoint was design team or so.
That's the kind of route is straight
transfer dot pod us for OK that kind of
more creative aspects and then design
team for anything more techie out with.
So it could be that you do a subject of
that and you could then hand it off to.
If you want to do it a couple, sure,
we wouldn't do it on and pass to design.
It can be more about having it over with
our team or there's like 3 avenues for a
PowerPoint it can come to document
production for the street transfer.
It can come to us for the creativity at
the.
Make it look brand aligned and a
PowerPoint or there's design where it's
going to be like a brochure client facing
that is more external,
but you don't touch the MP. That's design.
OK, great.
You get to tend to be the ones in the
middle that are reformatting and client
facing. Yeah, OK. And you work on them.
And then so it's got through the gating,
they managed to pass every approval it's
assigned globally as a group and then you
work on it checklist you internal check
balance the team or it's more of a pure
check really it's dependent on.
Yeah,
it's a soft check that you could capture
that you know,
you checked this document and then it's
closed and then you attach it the
PowerPoint or does it get man stored
essentially attached and they are.
I sort of go back to that whole content
management.
Deborah. Sorry. Deborah,
may I interrupt for just one minute?
Yeah.
Oh yeah, absolutely sorry.
Just one. Just have a question around,
sorry.
Around these each of these activities,
you know,
managing presentations and media releases
etcetera,
do ashes have a central platform owned by
comms or marketing where all this content
Yeah.
is generated and distributed.
It across the enterprise Oregon,
is it not? Not a centrally owned function,
centrally owned capability at this point?
Yeah.
No, I think there's document production.
Yeah,
there's no production for the street
transfers.
We're just saying there's three different
areas depending on the documents.
And these are the ones that lie with the
capability of client just based on.
The reformatting and client facing,
but the other ones are managed by the
document production.
The that answers I mean it could be they
Who creates the content then?
I'm sure you have.
handle it all.
I'm sure you have marketing comms content
specialists in in house who are doing
this or third party is doing this for you.
All.
I'm trying to find out is do we as as
Mark suggested Knowledge management I
mean.
Knowledge just holds details.
It can be the place where you hold
copyright information for a for your
enterprise, right?
Yeah.
The relevance of the document is not bad,
so just trying to find out which document
Yeah.
is owned by whom and where is it created
before we decide what goes in knowledge
and what doesn't.
OK, we can park that one.
We can take that one offline,
if that's OK.
OK. Yeah, that's fine. Thank you.
So you put it into PowerPoint, attach it.
This is where it's and then they tend to
unattach it and then send it to the
client. Is that how it works? Yeah,
briefing. Probably with the partner.
OK invisions need to be made invisions
that same cycle again could be us nine
times at 10.
I would say it's us over them and then it
goes back to the sign off and then off
the decline. OK.
And you would presume you want to have
the original attack,
I mean this is what we talked to earlier.
Is that the service now?
Shouldn't be your managed content central
management content that we can.
That's a wide conversation. Yeah,
I think that's where becomes important in
cases when it's the evidence that we're
not reaching client care. Yes,
from that client perspective,
but if they choose to on their.
Sorry, that's something OK and like,
can I just ask, sorry,
this might be silly question,
but could it not all set with dot prod or
those are reasons as to why some of the
stuff comes to use?
I was just saying if not, why not?
We did that yesterday, didn't we?
Why does it say feedback is always that
dog pods level and quality is not the
same, right? OK.
That's what we'll say is the matter to be
that's something,
at least we could look at. Yeah.
Just want to write a conversation.
I think it's because it's client and so
it's client face and they deal with a lot
more internal and their capabilities
doing aren't the same. OK.
Yeah, but there's some.
There's there's a challenge there that
Yeah.
goes. That team says, why isn't it?
And when it's client facing,
Yeah. Yeah. We're just saying that.
If not, why not? Yeah,
what are your controls?
it's a it's a wider discussion.
Wiser discussions are.
It's been brought up several times.
And generally then what happens is it
results in US getting more work decision.
Like who? Who is it that?
Yeah. OK.
So it'll be between,
so Rosa's brought it up before with me.
Magdalena. On the CMG side.
And then design, you know,
is it maybe our parking lot 1 and we can?
Yeah, I've got. It's a good one.
What? What you're saying, Emily,
is you lot are just too good.
That's what I'm hearing.
Yeah.
Just before I had to go,
but she was just wondering the formatting
PowerPoint stuff that we just discussed
there. Is that do you do that globally?
Yes. Alert and all. Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh, I think.
Client PowerPoint formatting.
If you release uploads,
we have a look at the other.
When you scroll up the *****, that's OK.
It shouldn't be covered off. Yeah,
we did that. We covered off those.
Did did that.
Some of the names aren't they when you're
talking about service,
there's lots of people just don't think.
You just think about. Yeah. No,
I'm hugely aware that you've got.
You know,
we're trying to finish as soon as close
to five broadcasts possible.
Should we do manage events for the last
one?
Because I think probably reporting is a.
All subject areas and yeah, reporting,
client reporting and internal reporting.
Here.
Why should you not chance?
OK.
Zoom.
OK, life managing and events, of course.
CPDS are there.
You're the administration of the current
awards, correct. Where you've got that,
invitees, the PO, the.
Approval is that where that four zones
are there,
that current awards process that we've no,
no, that's in addition, no.
So it's come under event ticket support
and the awards. Yeah.
So for very events that means refer to
the events that.
Either CMG, LED or the events team there.
OK,
so these ones here just talk are they are
they of administration of current awards
or were they based on the processes or
could they be not because we're not going
to,
this is just almost like the as is and
like that's the?
Coordination of Ministry of the awards
based on the shortlisting or the winning
of.
OK.
Just what we do is let's let's park that
there on screen.
Tell me how you manage what other events
are you managing?
There's awards is one type of event or
what other events are you working?
How do they come in to show world? Yeah,
because the obviously when we are not the
host, we are just.
Attending the ceremony? Yeah.
So you're not being shortlist.
You're just attending? Yeah,
not hosting this.
You've been shortlisted for? Yeah.
So we've talked about how.
If you're going through shortlisted,
how you attend the invites the approval,
so we've done that. That's all of that.
So that's effectively,
I know that title probably is your
category is there.
So but what other events do you attend
therefore that are?
Award based or non award based or any
other events.
In relation to awards. Yeah, yeah,
it's I think the terminology is computing.
Yeah, exactly. OK, that's what I'm saying.
So these are your, these are your current.
These are your current processes that
we're discussing today. So look,
so we've done awards where you either
know we've gone through that whole
process where you're shortlisted.
And you're going to attend.
You get the PO and you got the budget.
That's fine. Maybe we won't talk to that.
But what other events are you managing
that come in to show?
Or today that are outside of what we've
discussed already?
All the events that as just host client
events. OK, so they call client events.
We only support client events, OK,
no internal events and are they
categorised categories into it could be a
whole host of things. Sorry. Yeah, M&
R and person seminars.
Yeah, social gatherings.
OK and who tends to how do they tend to
land with you today? Best process,
that first heritage. OK.
So we start with the could we have it two
regions or France and everyone else do it
differently as well. So maybe the two,
two.
Regions UK and Australia we start with
the UK today. How do they come in?
So maybe it's on for Australia because
that's the easiest.
Australia's as the events team.
Scope out the event with the CMG contact.
Build out the requirements and then
utilise the events work request form,
work events, form work, yeah, events work,
request form that's currently hosted on
share mail the select.
It's each of the categories that they
require for that event.
Not every event follows the same format
as based on the requirements of what
they're trying to achieve.
If we can get the visibility of that
format, yeah, we don't share it now,
but at least we have. Yeah,
we can do that.
They put through that request,
we receive each of those that each
generate a case and share. Well,
as it stands,
that's then allocated out to the team
based on the fire by date.
What's involved.
So we just if we go back so they they are
who the go.
So to CMG originally to fill in that form.
Who's who's that original trigger?
The events do you mean to the events team
that put in form? Yes. To the events team.
OK,
Trans Team events team longer with our
form. Yeah.
And that's following our conversation
with CMG and OK.
So they they do that. OK,
so that's a pre approval that we're going
to, they're going to be at that event,
they're going to run that event,
they're going to run that event, OK.
It's something that Ash has on running
the events organising the event. OK.
So as you said they these are hosted.
Events. OK,
these are not ones that you're attending.
OK,
this is all the ones that are being able
to find. OK,
so you get then based on that form,
we can have it, you know add category,
you get one task.
Yes, yes, it's probably easier.
And in this case it would go to because
Australia are doing it differently.
You can have client Australia is the
assignment group and they can another
project and flight to standardise the
whole process. Yeah with.
The future project aligning with it as
well because that will bring in the
change of system restriction and allow us
to work across the platforms and then the
rules and responsibilities are currently
being reviewed as to what.
But if we go through the workplace here,
there's recommendations to standardise
that.
What, though,
is that duplicate overlap of these?
Because that's what we're trying to get
to today.
Isn't a global view of those processes
formal consistency?
But what I can't confirm I know is what
is should be the global process.
So that's what's still in discussion with
the stakeholders.
But from the recommendations that we
capture through these,
we could recommend that you know these
are the touch points and that global
process.
And I think what ties into that is the
future project for the platform change as
well. OK.
So they they all work together along with
the process of session state.
Project.
Then we're looking at each of the
different,
but then we just now to align with that.
There's no duplicate or overlap on that
project who's running that project on
that?
It's John. John is dealing with it.
I'm making it. What's it called?
Events management, events management.
I went on my phone because my laptop shut
out, but I've got. I've got it as well.
Before that,
I was just going to say on this event
request form and the work request form.
I've taken action away to get screenshot.
I know man is obviously sharing it at the
moment,
but I will take screenshots of each of
the different bits tomorrow in between
the workshops and save it within the the
team's channel for the all right,
thank you.
You'd worry about needing to do that.
I'll do it.
OK, great.
So you get this form that comes in vent
name.
Vent manager that's being populated in
all manager films when.
The office can I just click on office and
then region just have a look at that pre
populated data if that's OK.
These are all the issues of this is.
Region.
So this really are Asia Europe and they
could have same event in multiple.
Offices.
Or is this a one to one that they have to
fill it in? Do you tend to have one host,
one event, one place you? Surely. Yeah.
Unless it's a webinar. Yeah,
and sometimes now the the German Germany
of the Germany of this they.
Trying to run events,
mostly webinar into different locations,
so yeah OK,
they want to run the same webinar in like
Frankfurt on Monday and then we make on
another time. Oh, no, no right case,
but it's the same event.
Yes, that's OK. OK. So it's OK. It's OK.
They complete this.
It plans with yourself.
But they say no one single invite.
OK, OK,
so this for populated practise industry.
Let's have a quick look at that drop down.
Do you mind? So these are all OK digital,
OK, small for our reporting.
So would they?
That's something they don't.
That's something you in which after the
request was it something they select no
they select.
So the same where you've got the briefing
form link that there's a form that events
go through with CMG to complete as part
of that briefing and then they attach it,
yeah.
And it attaches and effectively that's
the the purpose and.
Who that then links to the practise and
industry that it's for?
So there's obviously it has to be
strategic so that the whole purpose of
client events is it needs to be strategic.
It's not just monitoring for sake
leadership drinks and food. Yes,
there's an outcome required and how it
aligns.
The strategy? Yeah. OK. Understood.
So you received this on A1 task one.
Event basis correct? Yes.
And then you can assign and.
What's this sort of SLA? What's the lead?
So we're now now you've got it assigned,
you're going to assign it to someone who
is in Australia.
What do they have to then do?
What's their tasks that they start to
work on for this event?
Whatever selected here.
So from a pre event selection,
that's the option of what we can support
on when the left hand side and write a
folder request feed photos and so they
can do each of.
So you could just select put in the
required by, but because for an event,
naturally it's an event wants to be
hosted with all that pre event work that
needs to happen ahead of the event taking
place, and then the host event,
what's all the activity that they need to
happen?
There needs to be sub tasks of the
paragraph, yeah.
There's multiple ones there,
so they've got you can have both free
event and closed event activity on the
same event that they can select and each
of those could be sub tasks for a due
date that's ordered even though they're.
It could be that the setup interaction
folder comes after the request of,
you know and surmising,
but it could be those dates can be
ordered for you in the way in which you
go through the tasks.
Or do they tend to just put required by
the event date?
The pre event stuff does need to be done.
What what I'm saying is that so I'm
challenging. Why?
If you know the event dates, why?
Why let the request to set the date when
the Slas you know could be some days.
So they for the interaction list for
example that needs to be.
Viewed by other groups,
if you want to maybe invite other clients
so that opportunity that needs to be
presented to the other groups to feed
into that interaction list.
But I'm thinking that they could be based
on. So if you work backwards.
So if that is the case that that.
If it's, say, the event is was today,
that interactive folder needed to be done
-10 days, you know it.
The system calculates that because
there's workflows associated with that
and review it.
That it calculates the requested date by
and puts them in order.
You know there's some things that are
probably more complex to do than others,
but do you?
Does it tend to be the case at the moment
that the requester enters those each of
those dates when the OK they dictate what
they require by date?
And they tend to be realistic.
For Australia,
if we're talking about Australia then yes,
OK. I mean something that,
I mean we could have a look at that.
It tends to take 10 days and work for you
know we could start to build in some of
that.
But at the moment as a maybe it's a phase
one,
they set those dates and you get them a
sub task for that.
The way it the way it works just now and
correct me if I'm wrong,
but when an event request forms filled
out and they select maybe 5-6 different
tasks,
whether it's P or post comes in as six
different cases,
whereas the moment we're just having one
parent and six subtasks. Yeah.
Whereas I think from service now we can
just have the one.
Because obviously we don't have tasks
right now,
so I think that's maybe the why it's been
set up like that potentially.
But in service now if we can maybe make
it,
you're managing the events and these will
be cheques,
but you need to complete for it, see,
see like for example again if.
Six tasks were selected.
They could be assigned to like for
example, one could be assigned to Mandy,
one could be assigned to Sam.
Can we still do that even if there's some
tasks assigned them to different people?
OK, perfect.
And you're reporting for some.
Tasks.
You can report subtasks and task levels.
OK, so it's across all right.
You can do that. It's data.
It's a tree of data. Yeah.
That's essentially. Yeah.
You're not just reporting on the one.
So you could have.
I mean Mark correctly wrong.
You can have three people on one,
you know on the six tasks you could have,
each one could be assigned to different
people or it could be the same person and
you can be assigned as well.
That's the ability to do that.
But you in fact you've got that parent
and then the subtask associated with that.
And it could be that it only the parent
only gets closed complete when everything
you know the Last Post event has happened.
So it always remains open for the whole
life cycle of the event, you know.
And what you could do is if you've got
certain members of your team who are, say,
Yeah.
OK.
really good at doing a certain part of
that,
Yeah.
you know you might turn around and say
and they more importantly they enjoy
Stop this.
Yeah.
doing it,
then maybe you can auto assign some of
Yeah.
those tasks directly to those individuals.
Yeah.
Because they can do it well and do it
easily. Maybe.
Yeah.
Well,
I think you've got that skill based
matrix,
haven't you that some of those event you
know some of those tasks can be this
person has them,
they've got the experience to handle that.
So this is one of our high volume tasks.
So that's some publications and I think.
I guess my concern on that approach, Mark,
would be that you then you're targeting
the same people and it's repetition.
So that's what developed for people, yeah.
Yeah. Now, now you've said that. Yeah,
yeah. Now you said that you just want,
you want to basically have everybody
immersed in it, don't you?
Yeah, and.
And given the volume that we get across
the globe for events and yet what could
quite easily happen as I just have an an
event person and they don't do anything
else but events.
So does it tend to be that one event
safely to the parent and the child tasks
if you pick up the parents,
does it tend to be that you?
You're also going to do the pre events
and the most events you'd work on the
whole thing one person or there's lots of
people doing all that and you can just
assign that in the first phase.
How you'd like to. So they get.
I mean maybe each of them,
if you look about the life cycle of each
task, it'd be new working programme.
Address in review. Is that right?
It needs to be reviewed. Yeah,
maybe the photos. I mean,
I look at the photo,
I don't want that one review.
It send you back. Photo distribution.
All of that will be reviewed and tweaked
and changed.
Each of those things distributed are
reviewed. Checked.
Close. Complete. Yeah,
we link up with design as well as there's
customization that needs to be made,
so there would be the joy up with the
design team if needed. If or always if.
Yeah.
What things do they tend to do that you
don't get involved in if it goes out with
the realms of the template that's in the
system, then it's designed.
Are they exceptions or they tend to be
the ones that are normal.
Typical.
Exceptions.
So it's where they're they're making a
customization to a tablet.
Which ones? Which activity were they on?
If I had to look at those pre events,
which ones are those on invitation for
what line the follow up?
But the I think the customization will
probably appear early in the stage that
in the event in the Asian stage we do
that on behalf of.
As well, so we would log it with design,
yeah, and do it for them. Yeah.
So giving IES with design on like passing
these the the,
the the document production whose design
are they separate or group is matched.
Does that all under document reduction,
or is that another design group?
Separate is 18 yeah.
So just remind me what artefact is that
on or what task is that on on those pre
cheques it was create joint like create
reminder confirmation reminder follow up
speak about to.
Well, we're about to get access. Yeah,
you guys.
Invitation reminder confirmation.
Great. Follow up. Yeah.
So create follow up create reminder and
confirmation are these like e-mail
templates. Take it, check it check it.
So we don't have the ability to solve
HTML coding because it has to be
precisely laid down. Yeah,
so that it can deliver through the
interaction system and arrive at the
recipient.
Involved in a proper way? Yeah, we we had.
If we try some incidents that the
application landed in the recipient
involved like there's something we can
mark and see.
We can have a look at the formatting of
that lands. You know,
you're not having to pass it on that we
can certainly.
If you're going to fix that as well,
sorry if you're charged.
So the new platform, exactly.
So it'll be that there wouldn't be as
much of the need to go to design at least
a lot of snap and move around. Yeah.
So the two B world is something that we
set something different, yes.
OK. So they're then,
so we've done that new work in progress,
iterations, reviews close complete.
Right.
And then you've got the actual events
itself. So all the you're hosting it.
And so yesterday catering in,
you know interaction you don't get
involved in in all that, OK,
so that was quite interesting
requirements and interaction, don't we?
You've died to requirements for
interaction.
Yes, additional field that's included.
So is at that point should catering be
imposed because they we were discussing
yesterday what they have including them,
it could be at that point they get
informed that this event is happening and
you know the dietary requirements.
Would that be a point that they gets good,
good in, you know, good heads up on it.
But doesn't that assumes that it's the
catering of our IE ashes catering. Rather,
We will have to.
it might be an alternative catering
organisation. Or is it always your own?
So we share this information back with
the events team and it's there for the
events team to share what,
whether that be actors catering,
Yeah.
if it's held an actress,
office or externally on a like a tail or.
Yeah,
but it is internal that we're doing it.
It's certainly an opportunity where they
could be informed heads up.
I guess that comes from events though to
inform that.
So that's the events in the case of
Australia that the events team.
Share that information with so then
that's close. You have the actual events.
What?
What bits do you get involved in for the
actual event? If anything,
are you just doing the pre and the post
not on the date,
not on the date you do register?
OK,
so then the post event check was happened
so we didn't event happened or it might
have been cancelled actually might not
have even gone ahead.
So then the whole parent ticket
presumably is closed and complete or
there might be a reason that the event
was cancelled. Yeah,
there'll be the remainder confirmation,
but it'll be a cancellation.
Whether whatever it might you know,
we can have that root cause in the event
that it's gone ahead,
those post activities or do they follow
the same cycle, new whip review or a less?
Stringent because it's a post event,
I can't remember what they were actually
on the phone call.
You discreetly put them on the screen.
Is that all right? Usually.
Usually they do. It's just all.
I'm just thinking it's the whole call.
If they want to set up a lot, yeah. OK.
They need to review it. OK.
Do you want to share that in the team
chat? Yeah,
it's just to get a sense of what what
requires? Review the review. OK, so.
Are they tend to be so create follow up
that does have the vision that does have
the vision.
Is that one OK mark entrance in Mark
attendance mark attendance and
interaction.
So that actually goes to the if it's got
CPA it goes to data management.
If it's got CPD appoints,
it goes to data management.
What does the CPD stand for? Sorry,
continuous professional development,
continuous professional development.
Yeah.
I mean, it's interesting,
the word continuous is in the front
because you think professional
development by the nature is continuous.
So you do that. That's in Australia,
that happens.
So that's for the APAC stages, OK,
that's the APAC, OK. So that's unique to.
To Australia. OK. I mean, it happens here,
but not in the same way,
not in the same tracking. OK,
where's that information stored?
How do you?
So you're you're creating that output,
that artefact, that.
How do you get that information?
From the events in the case of Australia,
from the events team,
they give us the breakdown of.
Generally it's a spreadsheet and all that
is a webinar output.
If you attended and then what? The CBD,
what CBD points need to be allocated.
So you allocate the CBD points to it. No,
we're told needs to be allocated.
And where do you?
So you've got that information.
Where do you then what?
What then gets populated?
We then if it's got CPD attached to it,
it goes to data management and they
update interaction. OK.
Is that something therefore that?
Also routed to data management without
you having to touch it.
Minus the Hong Kong.
I'm just wondering what you do with the
data management are doing that,
but we have to do all the pre work.
So yeah, we compare the the spreadsheet.
Yeah, yeah, it's a spreadsheet formats.
And is it something that they could
populate that therefore goes straight to
data management?
I'm just questioning your network because
you know any other CPD events that's,
that's the the process.
But then we support this particularly for
particular events called the Hong Kong
CPD.
And that follow entirely different
process. Yeah. Yeah.
So just to give you the output to to
populate that through data reporting,
I mean is that where it's going to land
for all of these when it's CPD?
Points. In the end, yes.
So so that's probably what I'm trying to
get to is, are you?
Why yourself in the middle?
If you're not doing the? I mean,
maybe the spreadsheet for is this
something we give them that the post
event teams give and they give it
straight to data management?
I'm just sort of thinking what?
Not not so. Give me for the language.
It's sort of 5:00 in the evening.
Added value that your team are doing in
order to then give it to data management.
So we're basically data cleansing in
order to then pass it back to the Asian
colleagues for them to.
Allocate because it's very regulated as
to the time that there's maybe Spain and
a webinar as to whether they can actually
be allocated the full point for CPDS.
So you're doing data cleansing part of
that.
So there's a data cleanse that goes back
to Asia.
They give and allocate and then that goes
and will be the end.
Part being this data management piece
then comes back because we've got the
certificates, so it's the.
So the output actually is the
certificates that then get distributed
and they come through yourself or they go
and they attach them and they say.
Back to the original requester,
so they go to the the person that's
getting the point. Yeah, OK,
there's something.
Maybe we can explore about.
If they do the data cleansing.
That whole process we've really tried to
automate, try and cut corners.
It just does not work.
They're not on board.
That seems so manual, doesn't it?
I just wonder again,
is it maybe a parking lot item to that we
think I'd love to just.
Stop that whole behaviour with time.
Nearest things and it's just a a brick
wall and it's follow the guide for what
I've given you. Stick to what I've said.
That's pretty much what we get is this
from events from that's something we can
take as a.
And I think it's because of the protected
nature of the Law Society,
the importance of. Yeah, of course,
the gay and the output.
We can't miss this because those points,
not just. Yes, the professionals.
The professional points. Yeah.
When they actually get aligning the
practises, which is actually.
Sure that that's approved them to be a
lawyer. Yeah. Yeah.
I want to see just importance. But for us,
it's like you're just making a clean stay
on.
And I did feel that you're just kind of
dating, but it was just challenging.
White then lands a bit.
Some of these white lands with the person.
Yeah,
I think it was about it was it sat with
the function. So yeah,
they could sit and do it,
but then it's like, well,
from a function perspective,
why should they sit and do that admin
activity when we could be doing it?
When you say functions, you mean,
so that's his BMC. So yeah,
sorry because Asia do Joe rolls like they
do a mixture. So yeah, it's the BMC.
Yeah. And then the UK differs,
you don't withdraw the park type as a
whole. Oh, that was right. Yeah.
We're basically at the event managers and
is that boundary whole?
And we're looking at this whole process
end to end. Why? Yeah,
with the event management project that
yeah,
maybe I think let's park it for just now,
we'll leave at the moment back and speak
with KR as well as tomorrow.
We need to be,
I think everyone's probably gone now,
but just to make sure there's no.
Overlapping anything like duplication or
just it's it's that if they should be
doing. I mean,
there's been some conversations say if
they should be doing it,
if it lies with them like event
management, your clients why are.
And it's that whole workload. It's not.
Why not?
So the problem is we have the
capabilities and the showroom,
right and then you have the difference on
the other side of the world where they
want to have that control.
So APAC wants the control.
Over here, they don't care.
So we've got the UK and Europe doing
whatever they like, running,
whatever events there is no structure.
They tell us to run an event,
we run the event,
we do all of the pre and post activity.
There is no briefing.
There is no strategic alignment.
But which one is the right one?
Yeah. And at the end of the day,
these points are critical, you know,
but there has to be that if we're working
towards the global workflow of which you
can handle localised variations.
But this sounds like this is not even a
globalised workflow. This is.
Wild West West is nervous. You know,
I'm not, I'm guessing. But I mean,
it should. Maybe if it needs to sit,
sit with event management.
It sits with them.
So not the current agreed responsibility
lies with the events team that the
current approved process and how this is
all weighed out is the way that I've just
explained it.
Yeah, from an APAC perspective,
that's how it should work and what has
been agreed.
So we thought the workflow captures of
how it should work and that's the evening
for the UK to match epac,
is that what you're not working on?
Not necessarily because there's elements
as part of the APAC.
That is quite rigid.
Then it's a lot of back and forth,
but we can capture the ones that are UK
localised,
but in overall it is a event pre activity
event post activity and the.
Artefact is artefact,
is those CPD points that still apply to
the UK.
They still get their personal development
not listed.
The only way it's listed on CPD in the UK
is through learning hub.
OK,
so we get their points for being a lawyer
in a different way. Yeah. OK.
So they get their points to the way they
they do their practising stuff where it's
all evidence based.
It's not a point based. No problem. No,
it is. It's something like that. Yeah.
It's like a statement.
They have to write as opposed to.
Point based.
It's all point based and how they cap how
they get that qualification has to come
from different means.
So it's like only five of the 20 is that
they have can only be done online or five.
Five of those points can then only be
done by like e-learning.
But there's no point.
There's structure that it's point to
qualify to be a lawyer. Yeah. Yeah.
On APAC. Yeah, but not UKUK is that?
No.
I think that's a worthy of CPA team.
Sorry.
We'll just be all thinking of tomorrow,
Mark. And that was OK. You captured that.
You got that gist of that whole end to
end workflows to be globalised.
Yeah.
Yeah, well.
To the well, I know it's 5:00.
I certainly I certainly got it. It's the,
it's the amount of batten hat batten hat,
you know,
passing so whether it's necessary or not,
Yeah.
whether there's something that could be
done slicker, it's it's difficult to say,
Yeah.
Yes.
but yes, followed it.
Hmm.
Events management. OK,
so they're all hosted events association
events.
Clients to recapture that one earlier.
Are they different or do they fall into
that same realm of oh, no,
that's that's research.
That's one that we did. Yeah,
we've done that. That's that's not. It's.
No, that one.
It's more than it's research. So it's.
Research. Yeah, we we search for events,
but it's ******* not an event. OK?
Correct minded confirmation follow-ups
there was that post event activity that
we talked about if we go up bits.
Confirmation current awards
administration on OK, OK,
National Current awards request speaker
as was that was part of the checklist.
Yeah. Yeah. OK. So that's the event.
And we're actually trying to.
OK.
There's one last topic,
if you face it or whether you would like
to use other and you're probably is
reporting, but you might say.
We could always do an additional workshop
or do they tend to maybe we could start
it in the sense that do they tend to come
in as queries reports should they lie
with you to at least so you've got client
reporting and internal reporting.
Is that correct? Emily,
is this the reporting that you put in?
In the Channel client reporting that
Mandy does and is this different?
This is what I can see here.
Is quite an important client reporting
league tables internal.
What did I say with client internal?
Big tables.
Not many more so that one doesn't do
which one doesn't happen and then client
reporting. And so you've got your G21.
Suppose you've got your client reporting.
So which one doesn't happen?
Which one were we on? Oh, gosh, that one.
Yeah, the worst one,
this is maybe not talk to,
it's just maybe we'll talk to.
So you have the three types of reporting
clients. So you've got client reporting,
yeah, your G20 client reporting G20. Yeah,
internal reporting. Yeah.
And then the new tables.
And they all come in PR reporting,
PR reporting.
Social media. Misha, sorry,
you do do that. Do you? Do so.
Client does all of those as a global
function.
Not week tables, not week.
That is UK only.
The one we intend to get rid of,
it's the one you tend to get.
You want to get rid of and pass it
through.
Line needs to be gone completely or given
to back to CMG given back given back the
kickers.
Did you want to?
I don't want to get to a point where
everyone falls over and you can't take in
anymore. It's been a long day, hasn't it?
We've gone whether we can offline,
pick up client reporting what?
You just want to do?
I mean, I'm I'm happy to read the room.
Everyone's on it.
It's dark and that whether we pick that
up as a separates. Yeah,
we do a follow up call.
Quick one in the next couple of weeks.
Yeah, if you're about that,
would you prefer that or is there a
utopia, this is what new whip?
Different reports?
Or is there a form in the very first
instance?
Is there a form that they create today to
give you client reports?
There is a form OK that we have to
complete on their behalf to send to
reporting to get the financial
information for client reports.
So it comes in to you from who?
Or is this something you're creating
internally? Strategic accounts manager?
Strategic accounts manager? Yes. Yeah,
sorry.
So do they tend to be your requesters for
these client reports? The ad hoc.
Next,
a mixture of I talk and scheduled pieces.
So the scheduled ones a bit like we said
before could be in your calendars
activities.
And so when you receive the layer of
probably going to reporting now.
But I just thought you've got the
standard form that they can complete.
Is that correct?
I want this for this client. Yeah,
here's the selection of what I want in
financials requirements. OK,
why do you complete it on their behalf?
Thank you. That's an advantage. I mean,
that is a.
I was going to ask that I was going to
ask this self same question then why?
Yeah.
Why can't they just do it themselves for
and present and answer all the questions
Yeah, they don't want. Yeah,
they don't know what they want. Yeah,
you'd ask.
they don't always available.
That's a good manager article. That's a.
That's a chance for changes.
We have to get starting.
I know it's easier said than done, but.
Yeah, maybe capture it as a change?
Absolutely, but but their query?
They want that from the reporting team.
Yeah.
So the information that find that a lot
of what we request for client or comes
from the. So we're working with the team,
we can build the data based on parameters.
We then build the report based on the
information.
Not that I'm passing that your workloads
got. Could reporting do the reporting?
They could do the reporting.
Could they do the report report in a way
that the client experience?
Could they do the initial because we've
got reporting this week as the initial
request?
Could it be that I think your mic's gone
on? Hello.
So this this sorry this feel this feels
again that you've got a team that are not
Hold on.
able to deliver appropriate quality and
you're wiping her bums for them.
Sorry for for the bluntness that.
But but sorry, sorry for the.
So it could be maybe just.
Is is that a fair reflection?
I think by the facial expressions in the
room,
I think you've so it could be when we
discussed reporting this week,
it could be the request comes into them.
They create it,
there's some cases where that already
happened and then you get it in and then
it's passed on to you to format I mean.
It will be part of their remit as well,
but for you format it for the client
specific look and feel,
but the actual heavy lifting of reporting,
I mean losing the name could sit with
reporting.
Could they go down a little report and
report and do what you need to do and
then send it to you.
So really you don't need to be involved
at the start as well.
I'm just saying. Yeah. So the trigger.
Yeah. The trigger comes into report.
They do the report and you make it pretty
for the clients. Yeah,
we're related in the rate format. Yeah,
because we're we're proposing to.
We're we're we're. Well, we. Yeah.
So one thing that to note on that is data
accuracy is where it also comes back to
that. I know about the name of the Aflac.
Can you check the data?
Accuracy or reporting should know
reporting to get us the rate and it just
sounds that it's the initial entry points.
It's with them and then based on the
clients it is then the client reporting
it's fed to yourself. OK,
so then I think about it as.
Is it because we have the discussion to
flesh out what they actually need?
And that's the part and the knowledge
that report doesn't have.
So the client reports always have.
So the client one they like it in a
certain look and feel.
And client to why? What?
What's the variation on why your client
might like cater driven by reporting?
It can come from other aspects.
If you don't do such other systems.
So so basically.
I think you're talking about the client
relationship reports, yes,
and not the specific for G20. Yeah.
So it is different form.
That's what you require.
So for like the client relationship
reports.
They pull information from different
teams. For example, yeah, like financials.
We we got them from reporting and for
some IDB information,
we reach out to the IDB teams.
So go on then.
Sometimes they reach out to the ask
Are they, Mandy? Quick, Mandy,
quick question for are these are these of
people.
similar structure and nature of type,
so you could almost say it's a type one
type 2,
type 3 or are they different every time
Yeah.
and you guys have to gather the
requirements every time?
That's what.
That's what we that's what we were
landing on. Is if it was the type,
what that structure looks like.
So that reporting again could take a
heavy lift. You know,
it doesn't need to even come back to
yourself to make that look look and feel.
I mean, this is probably,
I know we said we wouldn't get into
reporting, we would park it,
but it certainly sounds like we've
uncovered the initial request go to
reporting because they have the
information and that data accuracy
because if you don't do anything with it,
then I should request apart from send it
on to report and there's no really need
to involve you at that point exactly.
It's understandable.
Yeah. So Emily can sorry, I misheard,
but are you you're doing the fine tuning
of the requirements, aren't you?
And then you're making,
Yes, yes.
and then you're making sure that what is
delivered aligns to those requirements
and is a good level of quality, yeah.
Yeah.
More than fine tuning,
we obtain the actual requirement from the
request. Yeah.
So that's the first briefing.
There's a conversation that happens with
the the Sam to understand.
What are we trying to deliver for the
client?
But couldn't that be a part of a request
form that could be part of the initial?
The requester could be led to get those
requirements.
I mean that that's the big change piece.
Yeah, I think it's a sign.
I think all our minds are dying.
Everybody. So, yeah, sorry, I think.
I think the quick point I wanted to make
is I think there's an education piece in
general like it's similar to the PE Group,
how they use billing or how what to put
on, what to remove. I think it's similar.
How do you articulate what you actually
want?
So irrespective of whether they speak to
you or whether they speak to the
reporting team, it shouldn't make.
The difference,
like your request is your request,
but if you're teasing it out with them,
there's clearly something missing.
I think. I think as we said,
we wouldn't get into reporting.
There's probably a good.
OK,
I think that's probably should we take
that? Should we take that as a a next?
Yeah. Yeah. OK.
That's a good place to stop. Yep.
But I think we've got.
They can't belong out,
so you might have I I can.
What I'm saying is the different
reporting categories here are all
S.
different.
And then we also have the quarterly
reporting and then 10 on reporting.
But we need to cover up to that.
So we have those categories we can.
Streamline the as you said,
client G20 clients internal and then we
can have that conversation and some are
easier than others.
The client reporting is not one,
but it sounds certainly is an opportunity
to if the people doing the reporting are
doing the report,
it goes to reporting you know,
get that change.
I'm all up for that change.
Yeah,
it's maybe 11 worth having a discussion
with reporting.
We talked to them on those,
so we'll introduce that conversation.
I think some of them already are male,
so some of them do start with reporting
and they don't touch us or they start
there and do come to us.
So that's the G20 ones.
And not so much.
The client reports where it's just ad hoc
like I want a bank.
I'm just thinking Kevin's ones,
like the bank industry for a particular
client that goes to us to liaise with
reporting. OK. OK.
So we're seeing a bit of data, you see,
where is it coming from?
Yeah, reporting like,
where are they getting it?
All the different sources or whatever the
every workshop about the single source of
truth? Accuracy. Yeah, it's not.
Or what's being pulled. They're not.
And I think we've got the data like
objects.
Yeah, it's a couple of years away. Yeah,
there's a data link project to address.
Not that.
So we are we are proposing for reports in
a much more user friendly service where
through the form if they don't know
exactly what they want,
we're trying to guide them towards it.
So that is part of the reporting work
stream.
We're trying to do that might help a bit
there. So go through that,
maybe I'll find things on Thursday.
We can then set another remote workshop
with you for person,
whichever suits whatever you found useful
today,
and then we can feedback and then
continue that. Yeah,
it's important that we get it right.
And obviously it's it's been a long day
for everyone.
So just to make sure everyone is focused,
if it's OK if we leave it and we can pick
it,
I mean it kind of it's kind of good time
because we do have reporting on Thursday
as well. We'll get by Wayne,
maybe we will do things.
Yeah, he's happy with that.
Is that OK for me? Parking. Lotta. Yeah.
Thank you, everybody.
Do you want to do something else?
Yeah,
we've just got some for your information
slides, there's no more heavy lifting.
I I swear. So just some FYI,
look like 9:15 that slide 8 hours later.
Reports and dashboards and we spoke a
little bit about it.
We I think we'll be able to draw some
things that should be some good reports
for you guys.
But over the the coming weeks,
if things come to mind that you would
like a specific reports capture those.
Yeah.
I think I did that. Yeah.
I shared the quarterly reporting that we
do and delivered to stakeholders and
stuck it in the team's channel. Oh,
perfect.
It's probably not on the right location,
but I'll have a search. Thank you.
I can catch it, teamly. But to move just.
Yeah, if there's nothing in there,
just let us know when we can move.
I can't even remember if I changed or not.
That's great. Yeah. And knowledge wise,
can we spoke a little bit about this
today,
what we can put for users up front to
help them solve their own things first.
So we can capture what we've talked about.
But again,
if there's any other things that.
You think over the next few weeks
following this discussion,
you can throw them in a yeah,
channel the information that you want or
to cut it off that pushes it back. Yeah.
But we've got some from today as well.
That's useful.
We're going to be doing user story
writing over the next couple of weeks.
And you guys will have visibility of
everything before we put it in to build.
So you think I mentioned earlier a long
time ago that you'll be able to see that
and just some next dates I think here.
Can I just check on annual leave?
I'm aware of Monday's leave,
did that come back mail from these?
Back.
Around availability and user stories and
support for that,
I've personally not heard anything.
Whether Joe has it or not, I'm not sure,
but obviously we put a message in the
channel for everyone to update an annual
e-mail. We saw that you've done that,
so we'll pick it up. Don't worry that now,
OK?
I'm just aware of there's Mandy's got
three weeks. Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
I also did mention to Jill after her
catch up anyway. So she is aware,
but she's not mentioned anything.
If if these has been flagged with the
Wayne thing. OK, so.
I'll speak to Joe tomorrow. Yeah,
I'll make a real note of it,
but we can pick up with you separately
and that it's just around start date.
So if we were to pick up reporting,
you might need three weeks leave after
when's your start date?
If you don't mind me asking.
And.
I think now should be on the 26th of
November. November. Yeah, OK. All right.
And then these,
these other things in blue that so these
all upcoming things on the project,
that's why I might cut off as well all
things that are coming up on the project,
the blue ones in blue are ones that you
might be most.
Interested in but Mali?
Looks like that's that's way beyond your
the holiday days there.
So going into next year,
testing that you guys be involved in
training on the system.
So we'll really get into it then and go
live. That's the plan.
So key dates for you guys.
The other stuff ahead of that is is more
for us,
but just so you can see what's going on,
but I think that's it. No, sorry. Yep,
user story stuff.
What's our involvement from there? Yeah,
over the next couple of weeks,
we we're doing the dates, aren't we?
I understand all the time based on the
based on the workshops,
I will start presenting all the user
stories which form part of the functional
requirements. I start,
but I think next week is the first part.
Julian,
we're going to then because these
workshops have been mutually exclusive.
You know each part and then there's an
overlay of that whole end to end process
that we talked about.
So certainly the first pass of them for
clients we can share that's and then
we'll join them up.
To give an overall,
so they'll be sort of probably in phase
as we do, we're doing this,
we're discussing it internally that we'll
do, you'll get those. And then I'm hoping,
so we're probably going to take them one.
It'll take me one a day, presumably,
so maybe the week commencing.
I just think about the 12th of November
potentially have the first pass for
clients, yes, if not before.
But that's the sort of timeline that
we've got in last week's to write and
then I'll turn around in that in that way.
But it could be that if you because of
annual leave.
I bring it forward so that you've got a,
you know,
I can jiggle it around so that you get
transparency before that.
So the other thing to notice there is
there's a lot of requirements across the
whole farm.
So what we're trying to do is break it
down into some of these,
which will release certain batches of
stories.
So we'll try to make sure that's
contained within a kind of.
So particular services can be reviewed as
kind of separate item,
but that will start from the second week
November.
So you'll start to see some of that.
We'll work with Joe as well. OK,
here's about the data of plans to share
those stores with you.
We are getting one week to review
approved sign off and I'm ready to
provide back to us because we don't need
to build into our strength cycles, right.
So we decide to build it,
demo some of that functionality to use.
You can look actually that looks exactly
as I wanted or no,
I'll make some tweaks here and there as
well.
And then we can certainly incorporate
that feedback back into the spring cycle
just initially for that continuously as
well.
We plan to kind of have all of the design
done by the end of February.
So I don't know how your sessions are
done,
but there's might be some additional
product design sessions that we have
where?
If you look at it, yes, take some away.
There might be a couple of parking items,
so we might have some additional design
sessions which might swan another set of
stories as well. So yeah,
that's kind of no, that's good.
That's good to understand expectations
around outfits. So yeah, we need to keep.
Yeah, we'll share.
So Joe's got a view of kind of when the
Council of these stories across each
functions and ask as well.
So we'll do it on the session as well,
yeah.
The only thing left Ruth is if you wanted
to top the tail of change.
OK,
so the key points I kind of taken away,
the key themes were from early this
morning,
better ownership on the requester to
provide the relevant details and managing
their stakeholder groups.
That stops you guys being paid in the
middle that stops.
The C scenes in the e-mail.
I think the auto signing will change.
It feels like it will change the culture
in your team,
but because we're going to make
everything go to you out on day one,
Emily, hopefully you can.
We can phase that in and look at when
it's the appropriate time to bring in the
skills matrix that Deborah was talking
about.
For GCC,
my understanding was we're keen to keep
the look and feel so that stakeholders
feel like it feels the same. However,
we need to maybe make it a bit more
interactive and more visible to show the
status,
and it's easier hopefully for your team
to manage. There seems to be.
Maybe support is needed or this is an
opportunity to reset behaviours of the
customers or stakeholders around adhering
to Slas and ways of working.
Because service now give more
transparency,
it may still encourage the behaviour to
go to Mandy and say, hey,
I'm going to great,
I'm going to get this in two hours.
So we'll just need to think of maybe the
softer skill training or how we phase out
some of that behaviour for research.
It seems that the main change seems to be
around getting the detail upfront from
BIT.
Completing that and the ServiceNow form
nominations and awards was the lengthy
ones.
I've saved you reporting will pick up
next week, but for ticketing, again,
I think there's an opportunity.
And Deborah touched on it,
how do you put all the upfront
information first? So the approvals,
the cost code, the practise.
So there's a common theme about how do we
make sure we get the right information
upfront,
right to avoid the to and fro making sure
we have mandatory boxes rather than drop
down fields.
If we feel people are just going to keep
clicking other.
Did I miss anything other than?
I know you.
Anything from you, Mark or others online?
Sorry.
Take silence.
We'll put some follow up to a calendar.
All good, no all good.
Save your availability and we'll feed
back into reporting,
and then we'll set that session up.
We need a break from us for this week,
but maybe the beginning of.
Next week, to pick that up,
but I think you're going to share some of
that checklist. You know,
some of that information anyway that we
discussed.
So this gives us triple points for those
reports, G20 client client and internal.
Yeah, yeah, that'd be great. Thank you.
Thanks so much.
Thank you all.
Cheers on the phone. Bye guys.
All good. Thanks. Bye.